NOT A NEW ISSUE                                                                          RATINGS:
REMARKETING – Book-Entry-Only                                                  Moody’s: Aa3/VMIG1
                                                                                     S&P: AA/A-1+

                               REMARKETING CIRCULAR
                        SUPPLEMENTING THE OFFICIAL STATEMENT
                                 Dated February 4, 2009
                                       relating to

                                         $44,290,000*
                     Board of Governors of The University of North Carolina
         University of North Carolina Hospitals at Chapel Hill Revenue Refunding Bonds
                                         Series 2009A

        This Remarketing Circular is intended to supplement the Official Statement, dated February 4,
2009 (as supplemented, the “2009 Official Statement”) relating to the issuance by the Board of Governors
of The University of North Carolina (the “Issuer”) of the above-referenced bonds (the “Series 2009A
Bonds”). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meaning given such terms in
the 2009 Official Statement.

       THE SERIES 2009A BONDS ARE LIMITED OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER, AND
THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE OBLIGATED TO PAY DEBT SERVICE ON THE SERIES 2009A
BONDS EXCEPT FROM REVENUES AND OTHER FUNDS PLEDGED OR ASSIGNED
THEREFOR UNDER THE TRUST INDENTURE. NEITHER THE FAITH AND CREDIT NOR
THE TAXING POWER OF THE STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA OR OF ANY POLITICAL
SUBDIVISION THEREOF IS PLEDGED AS SECURITY FOR THE SERIES 2009A BONDS.
THE ISSUER HAS NO TAXING POWER. See "SECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT" in
the 2009 Official Statement.

        As described in the 2009 Official Statement, the payment of the purchase price of the Series
2009A Bonds tendered or deemed tendered for purchase and not remarketed was originally supported by
UNC Hospitals pursuant to and subject to the terms of a Liquidity Agreement, dated February 1, 2009
(the “Self Liquidity Agreement”), between UNC Hospitals and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee
(the “Trustee”) and tender agent (the “Tender Agent”). On September 21, 2015 (the “Substitution Date”),
the Self Liquidity Agreement will be replaced by a Standby Bond Purchase Agreement, dated as of the
date of delivery thereof (the “Standby Agreement”), between UNC Hospitals and TD Bank, N.A. (the
“Bank”). The Standby Agreement will expire on September 21, 2020, unless extended or earlier
terminated pursuant to the terms of the Standby Agreement. The Standby Agreement constitutes a
Substitute Liquidity Facility within the meaning of the Series Indenture.

        All of the outstanding Series 2009A Bonds are subject to mandatory tender for purchase on the
Substitution Date without the option to retain such Series 2009A Bonds. Upon such mandatory tender for
purchase, the Series 2009A Bonds so tendered will be remarketed by TD Securities (USA) LLC, as
successor Remarketing Agent. The Series 2001 Bonds currently bear interest at the Weekly Rate as
provided in the Series Indenture. The Weekly Rate set by the Remarketing Agent on the Substitution
Date will be effective from such date to and including September 23, 2015. See “THE SERIES 2009A
BONDS” in the 2009 Official Statement.

     UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED HEREIN, THE OBLIGATION OF THE
BANK TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR THE PURCHASE OF THE SERIES 2009A BONDS MAY BE
TERMINATED IMMEDIATELY WITHOUT NOTICE TO THE OWNERS. SEE “THE STANDBY

__________
* $29,505,000 of the Series 2009A Bonds are currently outstanding.

AGREEMENT AND THE BANK – IMMEDIATE TERMINATION BY THE BANK” HEREIN. IN
SUCH EVENT, FUNDS MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE TO PURCHASE THE SERIES 2009A BONDS
THAT ARE TENDERED FOR OPTIONAL OR MANDATORY PURCHASE.

        This Remarketing Circular has been prepared for use by the Remarketing Agent for the sole
purpose of providing information relating to the matters set forth herein. This Remarketing Circular
speaks only as of its date, and the information contained herein is subject to change.

        Prospective purchasers of the Series 2009A Bonds should rely on this Remarketing Circular
for information pertaining to the Standby Agreement and the Bank beginning on the Substitution
Date. This Remarketing Circular is to be read in conjunction with the 2009 Official Statement.

                                         TD SECURITIES
                                       as Remarketing Agent

                     The date of this Remarketing Circular is September 14, 2015.

                           SUMMARY AND CONTACT INFORMATION

Series 2009A Bonds CUSIP:               914714 BX7
Series 2009A Bonds Dated:               February 12, 2009
Settlement Date:                        February 12, 2009
Final Maturity:                         February 1, 2024
Federal Tax Status:                     Tax-Exempt; Non-AMT
State Tax Exempt:                       Yes
Mandatory Sinking Fund:                 Yes
Interest Rate Modes:                    Daily, Weekly, Unit Pricing, Term, Fixed
Current Interest Rate Mode:             Weekly
Maximum Interest Rate:                  The lesser of 12% per annum and the maximum rate
                                        permitted by law.
Interest Rate Accrual Period:           Monthly
Interest Payment Date:                  First Business Day of each month
Optional Tender:                        Upon delivery of irrevocable written notice of tender or
                                        irrevocable telephonic notice of tender to the
                                        Remarketing Agent, promptly confirmed in writing to
                                        the Tender Agent, by 4:00 P.M., New York City time,
                                        on a Business Day at least 7 days prior to the Purchase
                                        Date specified by the Owner in such notice
Bank:                                   TD Bank, N.A.
Standby Agreement Expiration Date:      September 21, 2020


Remarketing Agent:                       Trustee/Tender Agent:

TD Securities (USA) LLC                  U.S. Bank National Association
Chris Dimon                              Allison Lancaster Poole/Corporate Trust Department
Telephone: (212) 827-7172                Telephone: (704)335-4559
Email: chris.dimon@tdsecurities.com      Email: allison.lancasterpoole@usbank.com

         No dealer, broker, salesman or other person has been authorized to give any information or to
make any representation in connection with this offering other than as contained in this Remarketing
Circular and the 2009 Official Statement, and, if given or made, such other information or representation
must not be relied upon. This Remarketing Circular and the 2009 Official Statement do not constitute an
offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of the Series 2009A Bonds by
any person, in any jurisdiction in which it is not lawful for such person to make such offer, solicitation or
sale. The information set forth herein has been obtained from UNC Hospitals, the Bank and from other
sources that are deemed to be reliable, but is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness by the
Remarketing Agent, and is not to be construed as a representation by the Remarketing Agent.

         The electronic distribution of this Remarketing Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the
solicitation of an offer to buy the Series 2009A Bonds described herein to the residents of any particular
state and is not specifically directed to the residents of any particular state. The Series 2009A Bonds shall
not be offered or sold in any state unless and until they are either registered pursuant to the laws of such
state, or qualified pursuant to an appropriate exemption from registration in such state.

       NEITHER THE SERIES 2009A BONDS NOR THE TRUST INDENTURE HAS BEEN REGISTERED OR
QUALIFIED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION BY REASON OF THE PROVISIONS OF
SECTION 3(a)(2) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 304(a)(4) OF THE TRUST
INDENTURE ACT OF 1939, AS AMENDED. THE REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION OF THE SERIES 2009A
BONDS AND THE TRUST INDENTURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE PROVISIONS OF THE SECURITIES
LAWS OF THE STATES IN WHICH THE SERIES 2009A BONDS AND THE TRUST INDENTURE HAVE BEEN
REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED, IF ANY, AND THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION IN
OTHER STATES, SHALL NOT BE REGARDED AS A RECOMMENDATION THEREOF.

       IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF
THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE SERIES 2009A BONDS
HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR
DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS REMARKETING CIRCULAR. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE.

        All quotations from and summaries and explanations of laws and documents herein do not
purport to be complete, and reference is made to such laws and documents for full and complete
statements of their provisions. Any statements made in this Remarketing Circular involving estimates or
matters of opinion, whether or not expressly so stated, are intended merely as estimates or opinions and
not as representations of fact. The information and expressions of opinion herein are subject to change
without notice, and neither the delivery of this Remarketing Circular nor any sale of the Series 2009A
Bonds shall under any circumstances create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of
UNC Hospitals or the Bank since the date hereof.

         References to website addresses presented herein are for informational purposes only and may be
in the form of a hyperlink solely for the reader’s convenience. Unless specified otherwise, such websites
and the information or links contained therein are not incorporated into, and are not part of, this
Remarketing Circular.

        The Remarketing Agent has provided the following sentence for inclusion in this Remarketing
Circular. The Remarketing Agent has reviewed the information in this Remarketing Circular in
accordance with, and as a part of, its responsibilities to investors under the federal securities laws as
applied to the facts and circumstances of this transaction, but the Remarketing Agent does not guarantee
the accuracy or completeness of such information.

                                                           TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                                                        Page

INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................................ 1
THE STANDBY AGREEMENT AND THE BANK................................................................................... 1
   General ................................................................................................................................................... 1
   Immediate Termination by the Bank...................................................................................................... 2
   Termination by the Bank Resulting in Mandatory Tender..................................................................... 3
   Substitute Liquidity Facility ................................................................................................................... 4
   The Bank ................................................................................................................................................ 5
REMARKETING OF SERIES 2009A BONDS........................................................................................... 6
CONTINUING USE OF 2009 OFFICIAL STATEMENT .......................................................................... 6
RATINGS ..................................................................................................................................................... 6
MISCELLANEOUS ..................................................................................................................................... 7

APPENDIX A – SUMMARY OF THE STANDBY AGREEMENT ...................................................... A-1

                               REMARKETING CIRCULAR
                        SUPPLEMENTING THE OFFICIAL STATEMENT
                                 Dated February 4, 2009
                                       relating to

                                          $44,290,000*
                     Board of Governors of The University of North Carolina
  University of North Carolina Hospitals at Chapel Hill Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2009A


                                          INTRODUCTION

        This Remarketing Circular provides certain information regarding the $44,290,000* Board of
Governors of The University of North Carolina University of North Carolina Hospitals at Chapel Hill
Revenue Bonds, Series 2009A (the “Series 2009A Bonds”) to supplement the information set forth in the
Official Statement, dated February 4, 2009 (the “Official Statement”), prepared and distributed in
connection with the issuance of the Series 2009A Bonds. The Series 2009A Bonds were issued pursuant
to the General Trust Indenture, dated as of January 1, 1992 (as supplemented and amended, the “General
Indenture”), between the Board of Governors of the University of North Carolina (the “Issuer”) and First
Union National Bank (succeeded by U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee (the “Trustee”), and a
Series Indenture Number 7, dated as of February 1, 2009 (the “Series Indenture”), between the Issuer and
the Trustee, both as accepted and agreed to by the University of North Carolina Hospitals at Chapel Hill
(“UNC Hospitals”).

         The purpose of this Remarketing Circular is to (a) provide certain information relating to the
execution and delivery of the Standby Bond Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date of delivery thereof
(the “Standby Agreement”), between UNC Hospitals and TD Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”), to provide
liquidity support for the Series 2009A Bonds, (b) provide certain information relating to the Bank, (c)
provide certain information relating to the mandatory tender for purchase and remarketing of the Series
2009A Bonds and (d) provide certain other information relating to UNC Hospitals and the Series 2009A
Bonds. The Standby Agreement constitutes a Substitute Liquidity Facility within the meaning of the
Series Indenture.


                         THE STANDBY AGREEMENT AND THE BANK

        The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Standby Agreement, as in effect on the
date of the execution and delivery thereof. The Standby Agreement for the Series 2009A Bonds is only
available to support the Series 2009A Bonds during the Daily Mode or Weekly Mode. This summary is
not a complete recital of the terms of the Standby Agreement, and reference is made to Appendix A hereto
and the definitive Standby Agreement in its entirety for the definitive terms thereof. The Standby
Agreement may be amended or otherwise modified without notice to, or consent by, the Owners.

      The following information replaces in its entirety the information set forth under the caption
“THE LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT” in the 2009 Official Statement:

General

        As described under “THE SERIES 2009A BONDS – Tender Provisions” in the 2009 Official
Statement, under certain circumstances, the Owners of the Series 2009A Bonds may elect or be required
to tender their Series 2009A Bonds for purchase. On September 21, 2015 (the “Substitution Date”), UNC


__________
* $29,505,000 of the Series 2009A Bonds are currently outstanding.

Hospitals will enter into the Standby Agreement with the Bank. Pursuant to the Standby Agreement, the
Bank will agree, subject to the terms and conditions stated therein, to purchase Series 2009A Bonds in the
Daily Mode or Weekly Mode from time to time on any Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date in the
event that remarketing proceeds are not sufficient for such purpose. The Standby Agreement will
continue in effect, subject to extension and earlier termination as set forth therein, until September 21,
2020. See “SUMMARY OF THE STANDBY AGREEMENT – Terms of Commitment” in Appendix A
hereto.

         The Standby Agreement will provide funds only for the payment of the purchase price of Series
2009A Bonds tendered or deemed tendered for purchase as described above. The Standby Agreement
will be subject to termination at the option of the Bank as described below.

         See Appendix A hereto for a summary of certain terms and provisions of the Standby Agreement

Immediate Termination by the Bank

        The Bank’s obligation to purchase the Series 2009A Bonds will terminate immediately, without
the requirement of notice, upon the occurrence of any of the following “Special Events of Default” under
the Standby Agreement:

        (a) UNC Hospitals shall not pay when due any principal of, or interest on, any Series 2009A
Bond or Bank Bond (so long as such Event of Default did not result solely from the exercise by the Bank
of an acceleration right (if any) with respect to Bank Bonds (as defined in the Standby Agreement)); or

         (b) UNC Hospitals shall fail to pay principal on any obligation evidenced by bonds, debentures,
notes or other similar instruments or any obligations under capital leases that are senior to or on a parity
with the Series 2009A Bonds (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment or acceleration), or
any interest or premium thereon (but not including a failure to pay accelerated principal of Bank Bonds
hereunder and the failure to pay accelerated principal of debt that has been purchased pursuant to a
liquidity facility by a financial institution serving as a liquidity provider (“Liquidity Provider Debt”)), and
such failure shall continue beyond any applicable period of grace specified in any underlying resolution,
indenture, contract or instrument providing for the creation of or concerning such obligations of UNC
Hospitals senior to or on a parity with the Series 2009A Bonds, or pursuant to the provisions of any such
resolution, indenture, contract or instrument, the maturity of any such obligations of UNC Hospitals
senior to or on a parity with the Series 2009A Bonds, as a result of a payment default of any nature
thereon (but not including a payment default relating to accelerated principal of Bank Bonds hereunder or
Liquidity Provider Debt), shall have been or may be accelerated or may be required to be prepaid prior to
the stated maturity thereof; or

         (c) UNC Hospitals shall (i) commence a voluntary case under the Federal bankruptcy laws (as
now or hereafter in effect), (ii) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other laws, domestic or
foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, debt adjustment, winding up or composition
or adjustment of debts, (iii) consent to or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner any petition
filed against it in an involuntary case under such bankruptcy laws or other laws, (iv) apply for or consent
to, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, the appointment of, or the taking of possession
by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator of itself or of a substantial part of its property, (v) admit in
writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, (vi) make a general assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or (vii) take any official action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; or

        (d) UNC Hospitals shall in writing (i) claim that any provision that provides for the payment of
principal of or interest on the Series 2009A Bonds is not valid or binding on it, (ii) repudiate its


                                                       2

obligations under the Standby Agreement or any of the provisions that provide for the payment of
principal of or interest on the Series 2009A Bonds or (iii) initiate any legal proceedings to seek an
adjudication that the Standby Agreement or any of the provisions that provide for the payment of
principal of or interest on the Series 2009A Bonds is not valid or binding on UNC Hospitals; or

        (e) The long-term rating by Moody’s and S&P of the Series 2009A Bonds or any other parity
Debt (as defined in the Standby Agreement) of UNC Hospitals not supported by credit enhancement shall
be withdrawn or suspended for credit-related reasons or reduced below “Baa3” by Moody’s and “BBB-”
by S&P.

        In the event of such termination, the Bank will not be obligated to purchase the Series 2009A
Bonds on any Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date, and under the Series Indenture, funds to
purchase the Series 2009A Bonds will be available only from the proceeds of the remarketing of the
Series 2009A Bonds (which remarketing proceeds will not be available unless UNC Hospitals obtains a
Substitute Liquidity Facility or the Series 2009A Bonds are converted to a Fixed Rate) or from other
funds made available by the Issuer or UNC Hospitals.

Termination by the Bank Resulting in Mandatory Tender

        The Bank’s obligation to purchase the Series 2009A Bonds is subject to termination by the Bank
upon 30 days’ notice to the Issuer, UNC Hospitals, the Tender Agent, the Trustee and the Remarketing
Agent in the case of any of the following Events of Default under each of the Standby Agreement:

        (a) UNC Hospitals shall not pay when due any amount owed to the Bank under certain provisions
of the Standby Agreement relating to payments with respect to Bank Bonds (other than those referred to
in paragraph (a) above under the caption “Immediate Termination by the Bank” above) and “yield
equivalency” payments; or

        (b) UNC Hospitals shall fail to pay within 10 days after the same shall become due any amount
owing under the Standby Agreement (other than as set forth in the preceding paragraph (a) or in
paragraph (a) under the caption “Immediate Termination by the Bank” above); or

       (c) any material representation or warranty made by or on behalf of UNC Hospitals in the
Standby Agreement or in any certificate or statement delivered hereunder shall be incorrect or untrue in
any material respect when made or deemed to have been made; or

         (d) UNC Hospitals shall default in the due performance or observance of any of the covenants set
forth in the Standby Agreement relating to (i) security of Bank Bonds under the Indenture (as defined in
the Standby Agreement) on a pari passu basis with all other Bonds issued under the Indenture (ii)
compliance with the covenants under the Related Documents (as defined in the Standby Agreement), (iii)
certain reporting requirements and inspection rights specified in the Standby Agreement (iv) conversions
of the Series 2009A Bonds to the Unit Pricing Mode or the Term Rate Mode, (v) providing certain notices
required in the Standby Agreement (vi) the inclusion of certain information regarding the Bank in offering
documents relating to the Series 2009A Bonds, (vi) Substitute Liquidity Facilities, (vii) the appointment
of a successor Trustee, Tender Agent or Remarketing Agent, (viii) UNC Hospitals’ obligation to take all
actions reasonably requested by the Bank to enforce the material obligations under the Related
Documents of each of the parties thereto, (ix) compliance with the Long-Term Debt Service Coverage
Ratio, (x) permitted liens, and (xi) limitations on Indebtedness (as defined in the General Indenture) (in
the case of clause (ii) above, only after giving effect to the applicable cure period under the applicable
Related Document); or




                                                    3

         (e) UNC Hospitals shall default in the due performance or observance of any other term, covenant
or agreement contained or incorporated by reference in the Standby Agreement (other than those referred
to in the preceding paragraphs (a) through (d) and in paragraph (a) above under the caption “Immediate
Termination by the Bank” above) and such default shall remain unremedied for a period of 30 days after
the Bank shall have given written notice thereof to UNC Hospitals; or

         (f) UNC Hospitals shall fail to pay when due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity,
required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any Debt of UNC Hospitals aggregating in
excess of $10,000,000, other than that referred to in paragraph (b) under the caption “Immediate
Termination by the Bank” above, and such failure shall continue beyond any applicable period of grace
specified in any underlying resolution, indenture, contract or instrument providing for the creation or
concerning such Debt, or any other default under any resolution, indenture, contract or instrument
providing for the creation of or concerning such Debt, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue
after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such resolution, indenture, contract or instrument, if
the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such
Debt; or pursuant to the provisions of any such resolution, indenture, contract or instrument the maturity
of any Debt, other than that referred to in paragraph (b) under the caption “Immediate Termination by the
Bank” above, shall have been or may be accelerated or shall have been or may be required to be prepaid
prior to the stated maturity thereof; or

        (g) any Indenture Event of Default (as defined in the Standby Agreement) or any “event of
default” which is not cured within any applicable cure period under any of the other Related Documents
shall occur; or

        (h) (i) the long-term rating of the Series 2009A Bonds or any parity Debt of UNC Hospitals not
supported by credit enhancement shall be reduced below “A3” by Moody’s or “A-“ by S&P or (ii) the
long-term rating of the Series 2009A Bonds are withdrawn or suspended by Moody’s or S&P for any
reason for more than five Business Days; or

         (i) a final, nonappealable judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $10,000,000
in the aggregate that ranks senior to or on a parity with the Series 2009A Bonds shall be rendered against
UNC Hospitals with respect to which, in the opinion of the Bank, adequate cash reserves have not been
established, and such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of thirty (30)
days.

        In the event of such termination, under the Series Indenture, the Series 2009A Bonds are subject
to mandatory tender for purchase prior to the termination of the applicable Standby Agreement. See
“THE SERIES 2009A BONDS - Tender Provisions - Mandatory Purchase Upon Substitution, Expiration
or Termination of Liquidity Facility” in the 2009 Official Statement.

Substitute Liquidity Facility

        Subject to the conditions set forth in the Series Indenture, UNC Hospitals may provide for a
Substitute Liquidity Facility for the Liquidity Facility then in effect. See “DEFINITION OF CERTAIN
TERMS AND SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL LEGAL DOCUMENTS – Liquidity Facility” in Appendix
C to the 2009 Official Statement.




                                                      4

The Bank

        TD Bank, N.A. (the "Bank") is a national banking association organized under the laws of the
United States, with its main office located in Wilmington, Delaware. The Bank is an indirect, wholly-
owned subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank ("TD") and offers a full range of banking services and
products to individuals, businesses and governments throughout its market areas, including commercial,
consumer and trust services and indirect automobile dealer financing. The Bank operates banking offices
in Connecticut, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Florida, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, North Carolina, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina,
Vermont and Virginia. As of March 31, 2015, the Bank had consolidated assets of $234.4 billion,
consolidated deposits of $194.8 billion and stockholder's equity of $32.2 billion, based on regulatory
accounting principles.

          Additional information regarding the foregoing, and the Bank and TD, is available from the
filings made by TD with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), which filings can be
inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at
http://www.sec.gov, which contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding registrants
that file such information electronically with the SEC.

         The information concerning TD and the Bank contained herein is furnished solely to provide
limited introductory information and does not purport to be comprehensive. Such information is qualified
in its entirety by the detailed information appearing in the documents and financial statements referenced
herein.

          The Standby Agreement has been entered into by the Bank and is the obligation of the Bank and
not TD.

        The Bank will provide copies of the publicly available portions of the most recent quarterly Call
Report of the Bank delivered to the Comptroller of the Currency, without charge, to each person to whom
this document is delivered, on the written request of such person. Written requests should be directed to:

                                    TD Bank, N.A.
                                    1701 Route 70 East
                                    Cherry Hill, New Jersey 08034
                                    Attention: Corporate and Public Affairs

         Information regarding the financial condition and results of operations of the Bank is contained in
the quarterly Call Reports of the Bank delivered to the Comptroller of the Currency and available online
at https://cdr.ffiec.gov/public. General information regarding the Bank may be found in periodic filings
made by TD with the SEC. TD is a foreign issuer that is permitted, under a multijurisdictional disclosure
system adopted by the United States, to prepare certain filings with the SEC in accordance with the
disclosure requirements of Canada, its home country. Canadian disclosure requirements are different
from those of the United States. TD’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards, and may be subject to Canadian auditing and auditor independence
standards, and thus may not be comparable to financial statements of United States companies prepared in
accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles.

       The delivery hereof shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of
TD or the Bank since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this subheading
“The Bank” is correct as of any time subsequent to its date.


                                                     5

     NEITHER TD NOR ANY OTHER SUBSIDIARY OF TD OTHER THAN THE BANK IS
OBLIGATED TO MAKE PAYMENTS UNDER THE STANDBY AGREEMENT.

        The Bank is responsible only for the information contained under this subheading of this
Remarketing Circular and did not participate in the preparation of, or in any way verify the information
contained in, any other part of this Remarketing Circular. Accordingly, the Bank assumes no
responsibility for and makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of
information contained in any other part of this Remarketing Circular.


                           REMARKETING OF SERIES 2009A BONDS

       TD Securities (USA) LLC will serve as the successor Remarketing Agent for the Series 2009A
Bonds effective as of the Substitution Date.


                      CONTINUING USE OF 2009 OFFICIAL STATEMENT

         The provisions of this Remarketing Circular should be read in connection with the 2009 Official
Statement. Except as otherwise described herein, the provisions of the 2009 Official Statement remain in
full force and effect.

         The Series 2009A Bonds are not subject to the continuing disclosure provisions of Rule 15c2-12
adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Rule"). However, UNC Hospitals has agreed under the Series Indenture to provide certain
annual and quarterly financial information and operating data and notice of certain material events
relating to the Series 2009A Bonds as described in the 2009 Official Statement. Furthermore, UNC
Hospitals has agreed under the Rule to provide certain annual financial information and designated event
notices with respect to certain other outstanding revenue bonds issued by the Issuer on behalf of UNC
Hospitals. UNC Hospitals has previously filed certain annual financial information through the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2014 and certain unaudited quarterly financial information through June 30, 2015
with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (the “MSRB”) through its Electronic Municipal Market
Access system at www.emma.msrb.org. Owners and potential purchasers of Series 2009A Bonds should
refer to such information to obtain further information regarding UNC Hospitals and its finances that is
more recent than the information set forth in the 2009 Official Statement.


                                              RATINGS

        Moody’s has assigned a long-term rating of “Aa3” to the Series 2009A Bonds, and S&P has
assigned a long-term rating of “AA” to the Series 2009A Bonds. Based solely on the Standby Agreement
provided by the Bank, Moody’s will assign a short-term rating of “VMIG1” to the Series 2009A Bonds,
and S&P will assign a short-term rating of “A-1+” to the Series 2009A Bonds effective on the
Substitution Date. Such ratings reflect only the view of Moody’s and S&P at the time the ratings are
given, and neither the Issuer, UNC Hospitals nor the Remarketing Agent make any representations as to
the appropriateness of such ratings. The ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Series
2009A Bonds and should be evaluated independently. There is no assurance that such ratings will not be
withdrawn or revised downward by Moody’s or S&P. Any such action may have an adverse effect on the
market price of the Series 2009A Bonds.




                                                   6

                                           MISCELLANEOUS

        Any statements in this Remarketing Circular involving matters of opinion, whether or not
expressly so stated, are intended as such and not as representations of fact. The summaries or
descriptions of provisions of the Standby Agreement and other legal instruments and all references to
other materials not purporting to be quoted in full, are only brief outlines of certain provisions thereof and
do not purport to summarize or describe all the provisions thereof. Reference is hereby made to such
instruments, documents and other materials for the complete provisions thereof.




                                                      7

                                                                                              APPENDIX A

                           SUMMARY OF THE STANDBY AGREEMENT

        The following is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Standby Agreement. This summary
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Standby Agreement.
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given such terms in the
2009 Official Statement, this Remarketing Circular or the Standby Agreement.

        Pursuant to the Standby Agreement, the Bank agrees, subject to the terms and conditions stated in
the Standby Agreement, to purchase Series 2009A Bonds (excluding Bank Bonds or any Series 2009A
Bonds beneficially owned by UNC Hospitals or a Related Person of UNC Hospitals) from time to time on
any Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date in the event that remarketing proceeds are not sufficient
for such purpose. The Standby Agreement provides for payment of the Purchase Price of the Series
2009A Bonds and does not otherwise secure payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest on the
Series 2009A Bonds.

         While the Bank owns any Series 2009A Bonds under the Standby Agreement, it will be entitled
to all rights and remedies, as applicable, of an Owner of the Series 2009A Bonds under the General
Indenture and the Series Indenture.

       The Bank is not obligated to purchase Series 2009A Bonds pursuant to the Standby Agreement
upon the occurrence of certain Events of Default as described under the caption “THE STANDBY
AGREEMENT AND THE BANK – Immediate Termination by the Bank” in the forepart of this
Remarketing Circular, and therefore, funds may not be available for the purchase of tendered Series
2009A Bonds under such circumstances.

        The Bank’s obligation to purchase Series 2009A Bonds under the Standby Agreement is not a
deposit and is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental
agency.

Terms of Commitment

         The Bank’s commitment to purchase Series 2009A Bonds under the Standby Agreement will
begin on the Substitution Date and will continue until the earliest of the following: (i) the later of (a) 5:00
p.m. New York time on September 21, 2020 or, if such day is not a Business Day, the Business Day next
preceding such day and (b) 5:00 p.m. New York time on the last day of any extension of such date agreed
to by the parties to the Standby Agreement in accordance with the related Letter Agreement or, if such
day is not a Business Day, the Business Day next preceding such day (the “Scheduled Termination
Date”); (ii) the date on which no Series 2009A Bonds are Outstanding, (iii) the close of business on the
date on which the interest rate on all the Series 2009A Bonds is converted out of the Daily Mode or the
Weekly Mode, unless the Series 2009A Bonds will bear interest at the Unit Pricing Mode or the Term
Rate Mode and the Bank agrees to increase the Available Interest Commitment as set forth in the Standby
Agreement, (iv) the close of business on the thirtieth (30) day following the date on which a written
notice that an Event of Default has been declared under the Standby Agreement is received by UNC
Hospitals and the Tender Agent, or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day,
and (v) the date on which the Available Commitment has been reduced to zero or terminated in its entirety
as a result of the redemption, repayment or other payment of the Series 2009A Bonds, or in connection
with the substitution of the Standby Agreement with a Substitute Liquidity Facility and (vi) the date of the
occurrence of an Event of Default identified under the caption “THE STANDBY AGREEMENT AND




                                                     A-1

THE BANK – Immediate Termination by the Bank” in the forepart of this Remarketing Circular (a
“Special Event of Default”).

Extent of Commitment

        The Bank’s initial available principal commitment to provide funds to purchase the Series 2009A
Bonds is limited to $29,505,000 under the Standby Agreement, which is the aggregate principal amount
of the Series 2009A Bonds Outstanding. The Bank’s initial available interest commitment is limited to
$339,510 under the Standby Agreement, which is equal to 35 days’ interest on the Series 2009A Bonds
based on an assumed rate of interest of 12% and a 365-day year. The extent of the Bank’s commitment
under the Standby Agreement may be increased or decreased as provided in the Standby Agreement, but
may never exceed the initial amounts set forth in this paragraph.

Conditions Precedent to Purchase on Each Date of Purchase

         The Standby Agreement provides that the obligation of the Bank to purchase Series 2009A Bonds
is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions, unless waived in writing by the Bank:

        (a) No Special Event of Default shall have occurred; and

      (b) The Bank shall have timely received a notice of purchase in a form attached to the Standby
Agreement.

Method of Purchasing

        Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Standby Agreement, the Bank agrees to
purchase Series 2009A Bonds in the Daily Mode or Weekly Mode upon receipt of a notice from the
Tender Agent in the form attached to the Standby Agreement. If such notice is received no later than
12:00 noon (New York time) on a Business Day, and if no Special Event of Default shall have occurred,
payment will be made to the Tender Agent of the amount specified, in immediately available funds, by
2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the same Business Day.

Interest Rate on Bank Bonds

         Bank Bonds will bear interest at the Formula Rate. The Formula Rate is equal to the Base Rate
until 180 days after the initial date of purchase of any Bank Bonds, and thereafter, it is equal to the Base
Rate plus one percent (1%) per annum, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
in which case it will be equal to the Base Rate plus three percent (3%); provided that at no time shall
Bank Bonds bear interest in excess of the maximum rate permitted by law (the “Maximum Rate”). The
Base Rate means a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate, (b)
the Federal Funds Rate plus .50% and (c) 3.00%. In the event the Formula Rate would exceed the
Maximum Rate for any interest period, the Bank shall receive interest on account of Bank Bonds only at
the Maximum Rate for such interest period (the difference between the interest that would have been
payable to the Bank at the Formula Rate and the interest actually paid at the Maximum Rate is hereinafter
referred to as “Excess Bank Bond Interest”). However, and notwithstanding any subsequent reduction in
the Formula Rate, Bank Bonds shall bear interest, from and after the date on which any Excess Bank
Bond Interest is accrued, at the Maximum Rate until payment to the Bank of such Excess Bank Bond
Interest. Interest on Bank Bonds, whether accruing at the Base Rate or the Default Rate, shall be
calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. The rate at which Bank
Bonds bear interest pursuant to this paragraph is herein called the “Bank Rate.”




                                                   A-2

Bank Bonds – Mandatory Redemption; Payment of Interest

        UNC Hospitals agrees that, with respect to each Bank Bond, (i) such Bank Bond shall be
redeemed in accordance with the mandatory sinking fund redemption schedule set forth in the Series
Indenture until the fourth anniversary of such Purchase Date (or if such anniversary is not a Business Day
on the next succeeding Business Day), on which date all remaining Bank Bonds must be redeemed; (ii)
the aggregate amount of the Purchase Price comprising interest on such Series 2009A Bond, if any,
included in the Purchase Price paid by the Bank for such Series 2009A Bond shall be due and payable on
the date such Series 2009A Bond is purchased under the terms of the Standby Agreement; (iii) the interest
on the unpaid amount of each such Series 2009A Bond from and including the applicable Purchase Date
shall be computed at a rate per annum equal to the Bank Rate, as determined in accordance with the
Standby Agreement; and (iv) interest payable pursuant to clause (iii) shall be payable (A) monthly on the
first Business Day of each month, (B) upon redemption (to the extent of the interest accrued on the
amount being redeemed), (C) at maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise), and (D) after maturity
on demand. In the event any Bank Bond is remarketed or otherwise transferred by the Bank before
payment in full of the funds provided by the Bank under the Standby Agreement with respect thereto,
together with interest thereon at the Bank Rate, the provisions of this paragraph shall continue to apply to
such indebtedness until all sums for all periods during which the same was a Bank Bond are paid.

Events of Default

       Events of Default under the Standby Agreement are set forth under the captions “THE STANDBY
AGREEMENT AND THE BANK - Immediate Termination by the Bank” and “- Termination by the Bank
Resulting in Mandatory Tender” in the forepart of this Remarketing Circular.

Remedies

        (a) Upon the occurrence of a Special Event of Default, the Available Commitment shall
immediately be reduced to zero, in which case the obligations of the Bank to purchase Series 2009A
Bonds under the Standby Agreement shall immediately terminate and expire without the requirement of
notice by the Bank. After such termination or expiration, the Bank shall deliver, within two (2) Business
Days, to the Issuer, UNC Hospitals, the Tender Agent, the Trustee and the Remarketing Agent written
notice of such termination or expiration; provided, however, that failure to provide such written notice
shall have no effect on the validity or enforceability of such termination or expiration.

         (b) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, including a Special Event of Default, the Bank
shall have all other remedies provided at law or equity, including, without limitation, specific
performance; and in addition, the Bank, in its sole discretion, may do one or more of the following: (i)
declare all obligations of UNC Hospitals to the Bank under the Standby Agreement to be immediately due
and payable without demand, presentment, protest, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration or
further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived; (ii) deliver to the Issuer, UNC
Hospitals, the Tender Agent, the Trustee and the Remarketing Agent written notice that an Event of
Default has been declared under the Standby Agreement, whereupon the remarketing of Series 2009A
Bonds shall cease immediately and at the close of business on the 30th day following the date such notice
is received by the Tender Agent and the Trustee the Available Commitment shall be reduced to zero and
the obligations of the Bank under the Standby Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that prior to
such termination, the Bank shall remain obligated to purchase Eligible Bonds in accordance with the
terms of the Standby Agreement so long as no Special Event of Default has occurred; (iii) require
immediate purchase of Bank Bonds by UNC Hospitals; (iv) exercise any right or remedy available to it
under any other provision of the Standby Agreement; or (v) exercise any other rights or remedies
available under any Related Document, any other agreement or at law or in equity; provided, however,


                                                   A-3

that the Bank shall not have the right to terminate its obligation to purchase Series 2009A Bonds except as
expressly provided under this caption “Remedies.”




                                                   A-4

