BOOK-ENTRY ONLY                                                                                                                          Ratings:
                                                                                                                                   Moody’s: P-1
                                                                                                                                      S&P: A-1+
                                                                                                                                       Fitch: F1+
          In the opinion of Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, Bond Counsel to the State, delivered on March 25, 2015, interest on the Tax-
Exempt Notes, when issued from time to time in accordance with the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Tax
Certificate, will be excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The
amount treated as interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes and excluded from gross income will depend upon the taxpayer’s election under Internal
Revenue Service Notice 94-84. Bond Counsel also opined that interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes, when issued from time to time in accordance
with the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Tax Certificate, will not constitute a specific preference item for purposes
of the federal individual or corporate alternative minimum taxes, although Bond Counsel observed that interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes will be
included in adjusted current earnings when calculating corporate alternate minimum taxable income. Bond Counsel further opined that interest
on the Notes when issued from time to time in accordance with the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, and with respect to the
Tax-Exempt Notes the Tax Certificate, will be exempt from State of California personal income taxes. Bond Counsel expressed no opinion
regarding other tax consequences related to the ownership or disposition of or the amount, accrual or receipt of interest on, the Notes. Bond
Counsel has not taken and does not intend to take any action to update such opinion or to determine if interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes is
presently excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes. See “Tax Matters” herein.
                                                               $225,000,000
                                                           STATE OF CALIFORNIA
                                                           GENERAL OBLIGATION
                                 TAX-EXEMPT                                                 TAXABLE
                            COMMERCIAL PAPER NOTES                                   COMMERCIAL PAPER NOTES
                                  SERIES A-5                                               SERIES B-5
          This offering memorandum (“Offering Memorandum”) contains certain information regarding (i) the State of California General
Obligation Tax-Exempt Commercial Paper Notes, Series A-5 (the “Tax-Exempt Notes”) and (ii) the State of California General Obligation
Taxable Commercial Paper Notes, Series B-5 (the “Taxable Notes,” and together with the Tax-Exempt Notes, referred to herein as the “Notes”),
to be issued by the State of California (the “State”) pursuant to its Commercial Paper Note Legislation adopted in 1995 (the “Legislation”),
certain Resolutions and Bond Acts described herein and an Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement (the
“Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement”), all as described herein. The State currently has authorization for an aggregate principal amount of
general obligation commercial paper notes not to exceed $2,225,000,000 outstanding at any one time. The Notes described in this Offering
Memorandum constitute a portion of the State’s currently authorized general obligation commercial paper notes.
         Barclays Capital Inc. (“Barclays”), Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (“Citi”) and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. (“USBII” and,
together with Citi and Barclays, the “Dealers” and each a “Dealer”) are the non-exclusive dealers for the State with respect to the Notes. This
Offering Memorandum contains certain information regarding the Notes and portions of the information contained herein and in the Appendices
have been provided by the respective parties. All references to the documents and other materials are qualified in their entirety by reference to
the complete provisions of such documents and other materials. Although this information is believed to be accurate, the Dealers do not
represent that such information is accurate and complete, and such information should not be relied upon as such. The information and
expressions of opinion in this Offering Memorandum are subject to change without notice after the date on the cover page of this Offering
Memorandum, and future use of this Offering Memorandum shall not otherwise create any implication that there has been no change in the
matters referred to in this Offering Memorandum since the date on the cover page of this Offering Memorandum.
          Each Note will be dated the date of authentication and issuance thereof. The Notes are to be issued in denominations of $100,000 and
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof and, as initially issued, are to be book-entry-only obligations evidenced by a master note (the
“Master Note”) registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). DTC will initially serve as the
securities depository for the Notes. One fully-registered Note certificate has been issued for the Notes and was deposited with U.S. Bank
National Association, as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the issuing and paying agent under the Issuing and Paying
Agent Agreement. Principal of and interest payments on the Notes are to be made to DTC and DTC’s current practice is to credit Direct
Participant’s accounts on a payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. See “APPENDIX C – BOOK-
ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM” attached hereto.
         The Notes are to bear interest (computed on the basis of actual days elapsed and on the basis of a 365 or 366-day year, as appropriate)
from their date of delivery, at the rate per annum determined on such date, which may not exceed 11% per annum. No Notes may mature later
than ninety (90) days after their respective dates of delivery. The Notes are not subject to redemption prior to maturity.
           Payments of the principal of and interest on the Notes are supported by an Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit (the “Letter of
Credit”) issued by U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”) on February 12, 2016, as further described herein, pursuant to a First Amendment to
Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated February 12, 2016, amending the Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement
Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2015 (as amended to date, the “Agreement”), each between the State, acting by and through the Treasurer of the
State (the “Treasurer”), and the Bank. The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes supported by the Letter of Credit is $225,000,000, plus
accrued and unpaid interest up to 90 days at 11% per annum. The Letter of Credit will expire on August 9, 2019, unless terminated earlier pursuant to
its terms or extended by the Bank.
                                                  U.S. Bank National Association
         The Notes are general obligations of the State to which the full faith and credit of the State are pledged.
         The Letter of Credit is not a “direct pay” letter of credit, in that payment of the principal of maturing Notes will be paid in the first
instance from the proceeds of general obligation commercial paper notes and/or bonds subsequently issued by the State or other available
amounts in the Note Payment Account (as defined in the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement) with respect to the Notes and interest on
maturing Notes will be paid in the first instance by the State. However, if such amounts are insufficient to pay the principal of or interest on
Notes when due, then timely payment of principal of and/or interest on such Notes, as applicable, will be made from proceeds of drawings under the
Letter of Credit. If for any reason the Bank fails to honor a drawing under the Letter of Credit, the State cannot provide any assurance that it will
have sufficient funds on hand and available to make such payment of principal of and/or interest on the related Notes when due.


offmemo- us bank series a-5,b-5 (us bank - 3934879.01.10.doc
4124772

                    BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.   CITIGROUP   US BANCORP
February 12, 2016

                                                          TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION                                                            HEADING                                                                  PAGE

GENERAL ..........................................................................................................................................1	  

DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................3	  

SECURITY FOR THE NOTES ................................................................................................................5	  

USE OF PROCEEDS .............................................................................................................................7	  

THE LETTER OF CREDIT AND THE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT ....................................................7	  

THE ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT .............................................................................10	  

THE ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT ..................................................................................................11	  

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................11	  

RATINGS .........................................................................................................................................11	  

TAX MATTERS ................................................................................................................................12	  

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS ...............................................................................................................13	  

NO CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING ................................................................................13	  

MISCELLANEOUS ............................................................................................................................13	  



APPENDICES
Appendix A           —      Bond Acts
Appendix B           —      Opinion of Bond Counsel
Appendix C           —      Book-Entry-Only System
Appendix D           —      Description of the Reimbursement Agreement
Appendix E           —      Form of Letter of Credit
Appendix F           —      Certain Information Concerning the Bank

                                        $225,000,000
                                    STATE OF CALIFORNIA
                                    GENERAL OBLIGATION
                    TAX-EXEMPT                            TAXABLE
               COMMERCIAL PAPER NOTES              COMMERCIAL PAPER NOTES
                     SERIES A-5                          SERIES B-5

                                          GENERAL

        This offering memorandum (“Offering Memorandum”) describes (i) the State of
California General Obligation Tax-Exempt Commercial Paper Notes, Series A-5 (the “Tax-
Exempt Notes”) and (ii) the State of California General Obligation Taxable Commercial Paper
Notes, Series B-5 (the “Taxable Notes,” and together with the Tax-Exempt Notes, referred to
herein as the “Notes”), to be issued by the State of California (the “State”) pursuant to
California Government Code Section 16720 et seq. (the “Legislation”), the Resolutions and the
Bond Acts, each as described herein, and an Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Issuing
and Paying Agent Agreement dated as of December 1, 2009, as amended (as amended from time
to time in accordance with its terms, the “Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement”). The State
currently has authorization for an aggregate principal amount of general obligation commercial
paper notes not to exceed $2,225,000,000 outstanding at any one time. Pursuant to the
Resolutions in effect on the date hereof, the State must maintain commercial paper note purchase
agreements, credit enhancement or liquidity support in effect for its general obligation
commercial paper notes, thereby limiting the total amount of general obligation commercial
paper notes outstanding at any one time to the lesser of (x) the amount authorized by the
Resolutions and (y) the amount supported by note purchase agreements, credit enhancement or
liquidity support. The Notes described in this Offering Memorandum constitute a portion of the
State’s currently authorized general obligation commercial paper notes.

       The Notes will be registered in the name of Cede & Co. as nominee of The Depository
Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”). DTC will act as securities depository for the
Notes. Beneficial interests in the Notes may be purchased in book-entry form only, in
denominations of $100,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof. See “APPENDIX C
– BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM” attached hereto.

       Pursuant to legislation enacted in 1995, voter-approved general obligation indebtedness
may be issued either as long-term bonds or, for some but not all bond issues, as commercial
paper notes. Commercial paper notes may be renewed or may be refunded by the issuance of
long-term bonds. It is currently the State’s policy to use commercial paper notes as a source of
interim funding of voter-approved projects. The State issues long-term general obligation bonds
from time to time to retire its general obligation commercial paper notes. From time to time the
State may issue commercial paper notes to current refund outstanding general obligation bonds
as an interim timing measure, pending later issuance of long-term general obligation bonds to
repay such commercial paper notes.

       The Notes are issued pursuant to resolutions (the “Resolutions”) adopted from time to
time by finance committees under the general obligation bond statutes listed in APPENDIX A

hereto (the “Bond Acts”), each authorizing the issuance of General Obligation Commercial
Paper Notes of the State under the respective Bond Act. Upon Notice by the Treasurer to the
Bank, additional Bond Acts may be added, whereupon they shall form a part of APPENDIX A,
upon filing by the State with the Bank of a Notice as provided by the terms of the
Reimbursement Agreement (defined below).

        The Notes are general obligations of the State to which the full faith and credit of the
State are pledged. See “SECURITY FOR THE NOTES” herein. The principal of and interest on all
State general obligation bonds and notes, including the Notes, are payable from monies in the
General Fund of the State Treasury (the “General Fund”), subject under State law only to the
prior application of monies in the General Fund to the support of the public school system and
public institutions of higher education.

       Payments of the principal of and interest on the Notes are supported by an Amended and
Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit (as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms,
the “Letter of Credit”) issued by U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”) on February 12,
2016, pursuant to the First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement
Agreement dated February 12, 2016 (the “First Amendment”), between the State, acting by and
through the Treasurer, and the Bank, which amends the Second Amended and Restated
Reimbursement Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2015 (as amended from time to time in
accordance with its terms, the “Reimbursement Agreement”), between the State, acting by and
through the Treasurer, and the Bank.

        The Letter of Credit is not a “direct pay” letter of credit, in that payment of the
principal of maturing Notes will be paid in the first instance from the proceeds of general
obligation commercial paper notes and/or bonds subsequently issued by the State or other
available amounts in the Note Payment Account (as defined in the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement) with respect to the Notes and interest on maturing Notes will be paid in the first
instance by the State. However, if such amounts are insufficient to pay the principal of or
interest on Notes when due, then timely payment of principal of and/or interest on such Notes,
as applicable, will be made from proceeds of drawings under the Letter of Credit. If for any
reason the Bank fails to honor a drawing under the Letter of Credit, the State cannot provide
any assurance that it will have sufficient funds on hand and available to make such payment
of principal of and/or interest on the related Notes when due.

       Barclays Capital Inc. (referred to in such capacity as “Barclays” or a “Dealer”) will
serve as a non-exclusive dealer for the offering and sale of the Notes pursuant to a Dealer
Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2012 (as amended from time to time in accordance with its
terms the “Barclays Dealer Agreement”), between the State, acting by and through the
Treasurer, and Barclays. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (referred to in such capacity as “Citi” or
a “Dealer”) will serve as a non-exclusive dealer for the offering and sale of the Notes pursuant
to a Dealer Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2012 (as amended from time to time in
accordance with its terms, the “Citi Dealer Agreement”), between the State, acting by and
through the Treasurer, and Citi. U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. (referred to in such capacity as
“USBII” or a “Dealer”) will serve as a non-exclusive dealer for the offering and sale of the
Notes pursuant to a Dealer Agreement, dated as of March 21, 2012 (as amended from time to


                                               -2-

time in accordance with its terms, the “USBII Dealer Agreement” and together with the Barclays
Dealer Agreement and the Citi Dealer Agreement, the “Dealer Agreements”) between the State,
acting by and through the Treasurer, and USBII.

        The information in this Offering Memorandum has been obtained from the State, the
Dealers, the Bank and other sources believed to be reliable. The references herein to the Notes,
the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, the Letter of Credit, the
Reimbursement Agreement, and the Dealer Agreements do not purport to be complete or
definitive and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the complete provisions of such
documents, each of which is available from each Dealer.

       Each Dealer has reviewed the information in this Offering Memorandum in
accordance with, and as part of, its responsibilities to investors under the federal securities
laws as applied to the facts and circumstances of this transaction, but such Dealer does not
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information.

       The information and expressions of opinion in this Offering Memorandum are subject to
change without notice after the date hereof and future use of this Offering Memorandum shall
not create any implication that there has been no change in the matters referred to in this
Offering Memorandum since the date hereof.

       This Offering Memorandum is not to be construed as a contract between the State or any
Dealer and the purchasers of the Notes. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are expected to
conduct their own review and analysis before making an investment decision.

                                  DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES

DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES

       The Notes may be outstanding in an aggregate principal amount which does not exceed
the amount then available to be drawn under the Letter of Credit with respect to principal of the
Notes.

        Each Note will be dated the date of its authentication and issuance and will bear interest
from the date of its authentication and issuance, payable on its maturity date. Notes will be
issued in denominations of $100,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof in
book-entry-only-form. See “Book-Entry-Only System” below. The Notes will bear interest
from their respective dates of issuance, at the interest rate stated thereon, which shall not exceed
11% per annum, computed on the basis of a year consisting of 365/366 days and actual number
of days elapsed, payable on their respective maturity dates. The Notes will be issued from time
to time to mature on a Business Day not later than (i) ninety (90) days from their respective dates
of issuance and (ii) five (5) days prior to the expiration date of the Letter of Credit as such date
may be extended from time to time pursuant to the terms of the Letter of Credit (or any
replacement therefor provided in accordance with the provisions of the Resolutions and the




                                                -3-

Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement). The Notes are not subject to redemption or acceleration
prior to maturity.

LETTER OF CREDIT

        The principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time may be adjusted by the State
during the term of the Letter of Credit, provided, however, the combined aggregate principal
amount of the Notes outstanding from time to time shall not exceed the Principal Component of
the then current Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit. Pursuant to the various Resolutions, the
State has covenanted not to issue any Note, if after its issuance, the outstanding principal of all
Notes as well as interest to accrue on such Notes would exceed the then current Stated Amount
of the Letter of Credit.

        Pursuant to the Resolutions, the State has covenanted that it will not terminate the Letter
of Credit unless no Notes supported by the Letter of Credit will be outstanding on the
termination date of the Letter of Credit or all of the Holders of the Notes that will be Outstanding
on such termination date have been or will be notified of the possibility of such termination prior
to their purchase of Notes. In addition, pursuant to the Resolutions, the State has covenanted for
the benefit of all Holders of Notes to give notice to DTC, with a request for DTC to
communicate such notice to Holders of Notes 15 days prior to the termination of the Letter of
Credit. In each of these Resolutions the State has further covenanted that it will not modify or
terminate the Letter of Credit in a manner that would adversely affect the credit rating of any
outstanding Notes.

NO-ISSUANCE NOTICES

        Notes may be issued from time to time prior to the Termination Date (as defined in the
Letter of Credit) in accordance herewith and with the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement so
long as U.S. Bank National Association (successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas)
as the issuing and paying agent (the “Issuing and Paying Agent”) under the Issuing and Paying
Agent Agreement is not in receipt of instructions then in effect given and not rescinded by the
Bank not to issue such Notes (a “No-Issuance Notice”). The Bank may deliver a No-Issuance
Notice at any time when (i) an Event of Default under the Reimbursement Agreement shall have
occurred and be continuing, (ii) the representations and warranties of the State set forth in Article
Three of the Reimbursement Agreement shall no longer be true and correct in any material
respect or (iii) the State fails to obtain the appropriations necessary to authorize the State to pay
to the Bank or any other Person the Additional Amount (as defined in the Reimbursement
Agreement) and not otherwise paid in accordance with the terms of the Reimbursement
Agreement within thirty (30) days after any such amount has become due and payable. In
connection with the delivery of a No-Issuance Notice, the Bank may reduce the Stated Amount
of the Letter of Credit to equal the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding plus interest to
accrue thereon, at the assumed rate specified in the Letter of Credit, to the respective maturity
dates of Notes outstanding prior to the date on which the No-Issuance Notice was issued and the
Stated Amount shall reduce in the amount of each Drawing thereafter until all such Notes
outstanding issued prior to the date on which the No-Issuance Notice was issued by the Bank to
the Issuing and Paying Agent have matured and on such date the Letter of Credit shall terminate;

                                                -4-

provided, that the issuance of a No-Issuance Notice shall have no effect on the amount available
to be drawn on the Letter of Credit with respect to Notes issued prior to the date of such No-
Issuance Notice; provided, further, that if such No-Issuance Notice is rescinded by the Bank, the
Stated Amount shall be reinstated in accordance with the reinstatement provisions set forth in the
Letter of Credit.

       A No-Issuance Notice shall be effective when received by the Issuing and Paying Agent;
provided, however, that a No-Issuance Notice received by the Issuing and Paying Agent after
11:00 a.m. New York time, on any day on which Notes are being issued shall be effective on the
next succeeding day.

BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM

        The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York (“DTC”) will act as securities
depository for the Notes. The Notes, when issued, will be registered in the name of Cede & Co.,
as registered owner and nominee of DTC, and individual purchases of the Notes will be made in
book-entry-only-form. So long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner of the Notes, principal of
and interest on the Notes will be payable by wire transfer of same day funds by the Issuing and
Paying Agent to Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC. See APPENDIX C - “BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY-
SYSTEM.”

                                   SECURITY FOR THE NOTES

        The Notes are general obligations of the State, payable in accordance with the Bond Acts
out of the General Fund, subject under State law only to the prior application of money in the
General Fund to the support of the public school system and public institutions of higher
education. The Bond Acts provide that the State will collect annually in the same manner and at
the same time as it collects other State revenue, an amount sufficient to pay the principal of and
interest on the Notes in that year. The Bond Acts also contain a continuing appropriation from
the General Fund of the sum annually necessary to pay the principal of and interest on the Notes
as they become due and payable. No further appropriation by the Legislature is required to pay
the principal of and interest on the Notes. Under the State Constitution, the appropriation to pay
the principal of and interest on the Notes as set forth in the Bond Acts cannot be repealed until
the principal of and interest on the related Notes are paid and discharged.

         Each Bond Act provides that the Notes issued thereunder “shall be and constitute a valid
and binding obligation of the State of California, and the full faith and credit of the State is
hereby pledged for the punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, the bonds as the
principal and interest become due and payable.” The pledge of the full faith and credit of the
State alone does not create a lien on any particular monies in the General Fund or any other
assets of the State, but is an undertaking by the State to be irrevocably obligated in good faith to
use its taxing powers as may be required for the full and prompt payment of the principal of and
interest on all general obligation bonds and notes, including the Notes, as they become due. The
only provision of the State Constitution that creates a higher priority for any State fiscal
obligation is a provision directing that from all State revenues there will first be set apart the


                                                -5-

monies to be applied by the State for the support of the public school system and public
institutions of higher education. In the past when cash resources in the General Fund have been
constrained, State officials have worked within their powers granted by State law to manage cash
resources to ensure that payments to schools and universities and for general obligation debt
service would be made. On any debt service payment date, all general obligation bonds and
notes have an equal claim on monies in the General Fund on that date for payment of debt
service.

       It is an event of default under the Resolutions of the State to fail to pay or to fail to cause
to be paid the principal of or interest on the Notes when due or to declare a moratorium on the
payment of, or to repudiate any Note.

        Each Resolution states that in the case that one or more events of default occurs, then,
and in every such case, the registered Noteholder is entitled to proceed to protect and enforce
such registered Noteholder’s rights by such appropriate judicial proceeding as such registered
Noteholder deems most effectual to protect and enforce any such right, whether by mandamus or
other suit or proceeding at law or in equity, for the specific performance of any covenant or
agreement contained in the one or more Resolutions authorizing the affected Notes, as more
specifically set forth in each Resolution authorizing the Notes pursuant to the respective Bond
Acts. Beneficial owners of the Notes (the “Beneficial Owners”) cannot protect and enforce such
rights except through the registered Noteholder. See APPENDIX C - “BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY-
SYSTEM.”

        Since the State has never failed to make a debt service payment on any general obligation
bonds or notes when due, the exact steps which would be taken, or the remedies available to
Noteholders, have never been tested. There are no cross-default provisions among general
obligation indebtedness, so any default with respect to any particular issue of bonds or notes
would not provide any remedy to holders of other bonds or notes which are not affected. The
State is not eligible to file for protection under the federal bankruptcy laws.

        Payments of the principal of and interest on the Notes are supported by the Letter of
Credit. The Letter of Credit is not a “direct pay” letter of credit, in that payment of the principal
of maturing Notes will be paid in the first instance from the proceeds of general obligation
commercial paper notes and/or bonds subsequently issued by the State or other available
amounts in the Note Payment Account (as defined in the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement)
with respect to the Notes and interest on maturing Notes will be paid in the first instance by the
State. However, if such amounts are insufficient to pay the principal of or interest on Notes
when due, then timely payment of principal of and/or interest on such Notes, as applicable, will
be made from proceeds of drawings under the Letter of Credit. If for any reason the Bank fails
to honor a drawing under the Letter of Credit, the State cannot provide any assurance that it will
have sufficient funds on hand and available to make such payment of principal of and/or interest
on the related Notes when due.




                                                 -6-

                                       USE OF PROCEEDS

        It is currently the State’s policy to use commercial paper notes as a source of interim
funding of voter-approved projects. The State issues long-term general obligation bonds from
time to time to retire its general obligation commercial paper notes. From time to time, the State
may issue commercial paper notes to current refund outstanding general obligation bonds as an
interim timing measure, pending later issuance of long-term general obligation bonds to repay
such commercial paper notes.

               THE LETTER OF CREDIT AND THE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT

INTRODUCTION

        The following summary of certain provisions of the Letter of Credit and the
Reimbursement Agreement does not purport to be complete or definitive, does not constitute a
complete summary of either the Letter of Credit or the Reimbursement Agreement, and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete provisions of the Letter of Credit and
Reimbursement Agreement, each of which is available from each Dealer. Investors should
obtain and review a copy of the Letter of Credit and the Reimbursement Agreement in order to
understand all of the terms of each document.

        All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in the summary of the Letter of
Credit and Reimbursement Agreement set forth below shall have the meanings ascribed to such
terms in the Letter of Credit or if not defined therein shall have the meanings ascribed to such
terms in the Reimbursement Agreement or the Resolutions, as applicable.

THE LETTER OF CREDIT

        Payments of the principal of and interest on the Notes are supported by the Letter of
Credit. The maximum Stated Amount authorized to be drawn under the Letter of Credit is
$231,102,740, which is equal to the sum of (i) the maximum principal amount of the Notes
supported by the Letter of Credit ($225,000,000) (the “Principal Component”) and (ii) interest
on such maximum principal amount calculated at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum for
a period of ninety (90) days and on the basis of a year of 365 days ($6,102,740) (the “Interest
Component”), which Stated Amount may be reduced and/or reinstated as provided for in the
Letter of Credit and the Reimbursement Agreement; provided, however, that in no event shall the
Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit at any time exceed $231,102,740, and, provided further,
the Stated Amount may not be less than the sum of the principal amount of all outstanding Notes
plus interest thereon at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum for a period of ninety (90)
days calculated on the basis of a year of 365 days. Unless extended or earlier terminated (as
described below), the Letter of Credit will expire on August 9, 2019. The form of the Letter of
Credit is set forth in APPENDIX E herein.

        The Principal Component of the Letter of Credit may be drawn upon from time to time
for the payment of the purchase price of Bank Notes (as hereinafter defined), which payment will


                                               -7-

be used to pay the principal amount of the related maturing Notes (each such drawing is referred
to herein as a “Purchase Drawing”). The Interest Component of the Letter of Credit may be
drawn upon from time to time for the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on maturing Notes
(each such drawing is referred to herein as an “Interest Drawing”). “Bank Note” means each
Note issued by the Issuing and Paying Agent on behalf of the State and purchased by the Bank
with the proceeds of a Purchase Drawing.

      Since the Letter of Credit is irrevocable, the obligation of the Bank to support outstanding
Notes cannot be terminated regardless of the existence of any Event of Default under the
Reimbursement Agreement.

         The Letter of Credit is not a “direct pay” letter of credit, in that payment of the principal
of maturing Notes will continue to be paid in the first instance from the proceeds of general
obligation commercial paper notes and/or bonds subsequently issued by the State or other
available amounts in the Note Payment Account (as defined in the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement) with respect to the Notes and interest on maturing Notes will continue to be paid in
the first instance by the State. However, the Issuing and Paying Agent is required pursuant to the
Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement to draw on the Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms
to pay principal of and interest on maturing Notes when due if the sources described in the
preceding sentence will be insufficient to make such payment. See “THE ISSUING AND PAYING
AGENT AGREEMENT” below.

        The Issuing and Paying Agent may draw on the Letter of Credit on any day of the year
other than (i) a Saturday, a Sunday or a State legal holiday, (ii) a day on which banks located in
New York, New York or Los Angeles, California are required or authorized to close, (iii) a day
on which the New York Stock Exchange is closed, and (iv) a day on which banking institutions
are required or authorized to close in the city in which the principal office of the Issuing and
Paying Agent is located.

        Demands for payment under the Letter of Credit honored by the Bank shall not at the
time of any drawing exceed the Stated Amount thereof, as the Stated Amount may have been
reduced or reinstated in accordance with the terms of the Letter of Credit. Subject to the
preceding sentence, each drawing honored by the Bank pursuant to the terms of the Letter of
Credit shall pro tanto reduce, by the amount of such drawing, the Stated Amount and the amount
available to be drawn under the Letter of Credit by the Issuing and Paying Agent pursuant to any
subsequent drawing, except to the extent the Stated Amount has been reinstated. Except in the
case of a drawing after the date on which the Bank issues a No-Issuance Notice following an
Event of Default under the Reimbursement Agreement, the Stated Amount will be increased
when and to the extent and in the amount, but only when and to the extent that (i) with respect to
the Principal Component, of the Bank’s receipt of payment of the principal amount of maturing
Bank Notes or Rollover Notes and, with respect to the Interest Component, of the Bank’s receipt
of payment of the principal amount of any Loan for Interest (as defined in the Reimbursement
Agreement) and (ii) the Issuing and Paying Agent has not received a No-Issuance Notice from
the Bank; provided, however, that if such notice has been rescinded by the Bank, the Stated
Amount will be reinstated on the effective date of such rescission to the extent of payments
received by the Bank as previously described.


                                                 -8-

        The Letter of Credit will expire at 5:00 p.m. New York time on the date (the
“Termination Date”) which is the earliest to occur of: (i) August 9, 2019 (as such date may be
extended pursuant to the terms of the Letter of Credit and the Reimbursement Agreement, the
“Stated Expiration Date”), (ii) the later of (a) the date on which the Bank receives written notice
from the Issuing and Paying Agent that a substitute letter of credit has been substituted for the
Letter of Credit in accordance with the Resolutions and the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement
and (b) the effective date of any such substitute letter of credit (after the Bank honors any
properly presented and strictly conforming drawing on such date), (iii) the date on which the
Bank receives written notice from the Issuing and Paying Agent that there are no longer any
Notes outstanding within the meaning of the Resolutions and the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement and that the Issuing and Paying Agent elects to terminate the Letter of Credit and (iv)
the date on which the final drawing under the Letter of Credit is honored by the Bank to fund
(A) the payment of the purchase price of Bank Notes, which payment will be used to pay the
principal amount of all maturing Notes issued prior to the date on which the Bank issued the No-
Issuance Notice, and/or (B) the payment of the accrued and unpaid interest on maturing Notes
issued prior to the date on which the Bank issued the No-Issuance Notice, in each case, resulting
from the delivery of a No-Issuance Notice that has not been rescinded.

        The Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit will be reduced upon the State giving the Bank
notice that the Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit is to be reduced (any such date referred to
herein as a “Decrease Date”). As of the applicable Decrease Date and upon such reduction, the
Stated Amount may not be less than the sum of the principal amount of all outstanding Notes
plus interest thereon at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum for a period of ninety (90)
days calculated on the basis of a year of 365 days.

THE BANK – U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

       Information concerning the Bank is set forth in APPENDIX F to this Offering
Memorandum. Such information contained in APPENDIX F has not been independently verified
by any Dealer or the State. No representation is made herein as to the accuracy or adequacy of
such information or as to the absence of material changes in such information subsequent to the
date of this Offering Memorandum, or that the information contained in APPENDIX F by
reference is correct.

        The Bank has no responsibility for the form and content of this Offering Memorandum,
other than solely with respect to the information set forth in APPENDIX F to this Offering
Memorandum, and has not independently verified, makes no representation regarding, and does
not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of this Offering Memorandum or
any information or disclosure contained herein, other than solely with respect to the information
set forth in APPENDIX F to this Offering Memorandum, or omitted herefrom.

THE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT

         The Reimbursement Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants of
the State, and sets forth various events which will constitute Events of Default thereunder. See
“APPENDIX D–DESCRIPTION OF THE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT” attached hereto. No default

                                                -9-

by the State under the Reimbursement Agreement shall relieve the Bank from its obligation to
honor a properly presented and conforming drawing under the Letter of Credit, pursuant to its
terms. Upon the occurrence of certain events which constitute an Event of Default under the
Reimbursement Agreement, the Bank has the right to direct the State to cease issuance of new
Notes, but the Bank remains obligated under the Letter of Credit to provide funds to repay
outstanding, maturing Notes. The Bank may also seek other remedies, including the right to
pursue any action available at law or in equity. See “DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES–No Issuance
Notices” above.

       Under the Reimbursement Agreement, the State is required to repay, with interest, the
Bank Notes and Rollover Notes purchased by the Bank and any Loan for Interest extended by
the Bank under provisions set forth in the Reimbursement Agreement. Interest, fees, charges,
and costs are also payable by the State to the Bank under the Reimbursement Agreement.

                         THE ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT

       The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement that describe when the Issuing and Paying Agent is to draw on the Letter of Credit
and in what amount to support payments of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on
the Notes when due. The following summary does not purport to be complete or definitive, does
not constitute a complete summary of the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the complete provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement, which is available from each Dealer. Investors should obtain and review a copy of
the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement in order to understand all of the terms of such
document.

        If at 12:00 p.m. New York City time on any date on which any Notes mature the amounts
on deposit in the account for the applicable series of Notes within the State’s Note Payment
Account with the Issuing and Paying Agent, together with (A) the amount the Issuing and Paying
Agent has been informed by the State that has been wired to the Issuing and Paying Agent
through the Federal Reserve Wire Network System by no later than 12:00 noon New York City
time on such date and (B) the aggregate amount the dealer(s) of the State’s general obligation
commercial paper notes have notified the Issuing and Paying Agent is on hand to purchase
general obligation commercial paper notes to be issued by the State on such date, which amount
will be deposited in the account for such series of Notes within the State’s Note Payment
Account, are not sufficient to pay in full the principal of and interest on such maturing Notes of a
series (other than Notes held in the name of or for the benefit of the Bank, the State or any
agency or department of the State), the Issuing and Paying Agent shall, by 12:30 p.m. New York
City time, draw on the Bank pursuant to the Letter of Credit in an amount sufficient to pay the
principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on such maturing series of Notes in full on such
date.




                                               -10-

                               THE ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT

        As of August 23, 2013, U.S. Bank National Association (“U.S. Bank”) succeeded
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (“Deutsche Bank Americas”) as the Issuing and
Paying Agent under the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. U.S. Bank is currently the Issuing
and Paying Agent referred to in the Letter of Credit. U.S. Bank previously purchased all or
substantially all of the United States municipal bond trust business of Deutsche Bank National
Trust Company and Deutsche Bank Americas (consisting of direct obligations issued by state
and local governments or public instrumentalities thereof, but excluding municipal leases,
municipal derivatives and certain qualified private activity bonds) pursuant to a Purchase
Agreement dated as of March 14, 2013 (the “Purchase Agreement”), by and among Deutsche
Bank National Trust Company, Deutsche Bank Americas, Deutsche Bank AG and U.S. Bank.
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Deutsche Bank Americas agreed to assign to U.S. Bank,
and U.S. Bank agreed to assume, all property, rights, powers, duties, trusts, immunities and
obligations of Deutsche Bank Americas as Issuing and Paying Agent under the Issuing and
Paying Agent Agreement.

                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        The Audited Basic Financial Statements of the State (the “Financial Statements”) for the
Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2014, are incorporated by reference into this Offering Memorandum.
The Financial Statements have been examined by the State Auditor to the extent indicated in her
report. Such Financial Statements have been filed with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking
Board (the “MSRB”) through its Electronic Municipal Market Access (“EMMA”) system for
municipal securities disclosure, as part of the final Official Statement of the San Francisco State
Building Authority and Oakland State Building Authority, dated November 17, 2015, relating to
the San Francisco State Building Authority Lease Revenue Refunding Bonds (State of California
San Francisco Civic Center Complex) 2015 Series A and Oakland State Building Authority
Lease Revenue Refunding Bonds (Elihu M. Harris State Office Building) 2015 Series A.
Information provided by the State and any annual financial and operating information and
notices of certain material events regarding the State, and any other information on the MSRB’s
website is not incorporated by reference into this Offering Memorandum. The State makes no
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of any such information.

       Additional financial information may also be obtained from the California State
Treasurer’s Office website at www.treasurer.ca.gov and the California State Controller’s Office
website at www.sco.ca.gov. In addition, the State currently attaches its most recent Financial
Statements as an exhibit to its general obligation bond offering documents, each of which are
expected to be filed on EMMA. No such information is part of or incorporated into this Offering
Memorandum.

                                            RATINGS

     In connection with the Letter of Credit, the Notes have received the ratings of “P-1” by
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”), “A-1+” by Standard & Poor’s Rating Services


                                               -11-

(“S&P”), and “F1+” by Fitch Ratings, Inc. (“Fitch”). An explanation of the significance and
status of such credit ratings may be obtained from the rating agencies furnishing the same. There
is no assurance that such ratings will continue for any given period of time or that they will not
be revised or withdrawn entirely by any such rating agencies if, in their respective judgments,
circumstances so warrant. Any revision or withdrawal of a credit rating could have an effect on
the market prices and marketability of the Notes.

                                         TAX MATTERS

        In the opinion of Orrick Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, Bond Counsel to the State,
delivered on March 25, 2015, interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes, when issued from time to time
in accordance with the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Tax
Certificate, will be excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section
103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The amount treated as interest on the Tax-Exempt
Notes and excluded from gross income will depend upon the taxpayer’s election under Internal
Revenue Service Notice 94-84. Bond Counsel also opined that interest on the Tax-Exempt
Notes when issued from time to time in accordance with the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying
Agent Agreement and the Tax Certificate, will not constitute a specific preference item for
purposes of the federal individual or corporate alternative minimum taxes, although Bond
Counsel observed that interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes will be included in adjusted current
earnings when calculating corporate alternate minimum taxable income. Bond Counsel further
opined that interest on the Notes when issued from time to time in accordance with the
Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, and with respect to the Tax-Exempt
Notes the Tax Certificate, will be exempt from State of California personal income taxes. Bond
Counsel expressed no opinion regarding other tax consequences related to the ownership or
disposition of, or the accrual or receipt of interest on, the Notes. A complete copy of the opinion
delivered by Bond Counsel on March 25, 2015, is set forth in Appendix B hereto. Bond Counsel
has not taken and does not intend to take any action to update such opinion or to determine if
interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes is presently excluded from gross income for federal income
tax purposes.

      BOND COUNSEL HAS NOT RENDERED AN OPINION WITH REGARD TO FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSEQUENCES WITH RESPECT TO THE TAXABLE NOTES. EACH OWNER OF THE TAXABLE NOTES
SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON SUCH OWNER’S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN
INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISOR.

        There are or may be pending in the Congress of the United States legislative proposals,
including some that carry retroactive effective dates, that, if enacted, could alter or amend the
federal tax matters referred to above or affect the market value of the Notes. It cannot be
predicted whether or in what form any such proposal might be enacted or whether, if enacted, it
would apply to bonds or notes issued prior to enactment. Prospective purchasers of the Notes
should consult their own tax advisors regarding any pending or proposed federal tax legislation.
Bond Counsel expressed no opinion regarding any pending or proposed federal tax legislation.




                                               -12-

                                    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS

        Each Dealer and its respective affiliates comprise full service financial institutions
engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment
banking, financial advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing
and brokerage activities. Each Dealer and its respective affiliates may have, from time to time,
performed and may in the future perform, various investment banking services for the State for
which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of their
various business activities, each Dealer and its respective affiliates may make or hold a broad
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities
and financial instruments which may include bank loans and/or credit default swaps) for their
own accounts and for the accounts of their customers and may at any time hold long and short
positions in such securities and instruments. Such investment securities activities may involve
securities and instruments of the State.

        No Dealer is acting as a financial advisor or a municipal advisor (as such term is defined
in Section 975(e) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) to the
State in connection with the issuance, offering or sale of the Notes.

      “US Bancorp” is the marketing name of U.S. Bancorp and its subsidiaries, including
USBII and USBII, a Dealer, is an affiliate of U.S. Bank National Association, the Bank.

                         NO CONTINUING DISCLOSURE UNDERTAKING

        The Notes are exempt from Rule 15c2-12 of the Securities and Exchange Commission
relating to continuing disclosure of annual financial information and certain material events.

                                        MISCELLANEOUS

       The foregoing and attached summaries do not purport to be complete and are expressly
made subject to the exact provisions of the applicable documents. For details of all terms and
conditions, reference is made to the Notes, the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement, the Letter of Credit, the Reimbursement Agreement, and the Dealer Agreements,
copies of which may be obtained from each Dealer. Information concerning the Bank is
contained in APPENDIX F to this Offering Memorandum.

        The attached Appendices are an integral part of this Offering Memorandum and must be
read together with all of the balance of this Offering Memorandum.




                                               -13-

                                        APPENDIX A

                                        BOND ACTS

California Clean Water, Clean Air, Safe        New Prison Construction Bond Act of 1988
   Neighborhood Parks, and Coastal             New Prison Construction Bond Act of 1990
   Protection Act of 2002                      Public Education Facilities Bond Act of
California Reading and Literacy                    1996
   Improvement and Public Library              Safe, Clean, Reliable Water Supply Act
   Construction and Renovation Bond Act        Safe Drinking Water, Clean Water,
   of 2000                                         Watershed Protection and Flood
California Stem Cell Research and Cures            Protection Bond Act
   Bond Act of 2004                            Safe Drinking Water, Water Quality and
Children’s Hospital Bond Act of 2004               Supply, Flood Control, River and
Children’s Hospital Bond Act of 2008               Coastal Protection Bond Act of 2006
Class Size Reduction Kindergarten-             Safe Neighborhood Parks, Clean Water,
   University Public Education Facilities         Clean Air and Coastal Protection Bond
   Bond Act of 1998                               Act of 2000 (the Villaraigosa-Keeley
Disaster Preparedness and Flood Prevention        Act)
   Bond Act of 2006                            Safe, Reliable High-Speed Passenger Train
Earthquake Safety and Public Buildings            Bond Act for the 21st Century
    Rehabilitation Bond Act of 1990            School Facilities Bond Act of 1992
Higher Education Facilities Bond Act of        Veterans Home Bond Act of 2000
    June 1990                                  Veterans Housing and Homeless Prevention
Highway Safety, Traffic Reduction, Air            Bond Act of 2014
    Quality, and Port Security Bond Act of     Voting Modernization Bond Act of 2002
    2006                                          (Shelley-Hertzberg Act)
Housing and Emergency Shelter Trust Fund       Water Conservation Bond Law of 1988
   Act of 2002                                 Water Quality, Supply and Infrastructure
Housing and Emergency Shelter Trust Fund          Improvement Act of 2014
   Act of 2006                                 Water Security, Clean Drinking Water,
Kindergarten-University Public Education          Coastal and Beach Protection Act of
    Facilities Bond Act of 2002                   2002
Kindergarten-University Public Education
    Facilities Bond Act of 2004
Kindergarten-University Public Education
    Facilities Bond Act of 2006

                                             APPENDIX B

                                       OPINION OF BOND COUNSEL


                                            March 25, 2015



Honorable John Chiang
Treasurer of the State of California
915 Capitol Mall, Room 110
Sacramento, California 95814


                             State of California General Obligation
                          Commercial Paper Notes, Series A and Series B
                                        (Final Opinion)

Dear Mr. Treasurer:

We have served as note counsel to the State of California (the “State”) in connection with the
authorization of issuance by the State of its General Obligation Tax-Exempt Commercial Paper
Notes, Series A, (the “Tax-Exempt Notes”) and its General Obligation Taxable Commercial Paper
Notes, Series B (such notes together with the Tax-Exempt Notes, the “Notes”), to be issued in an
aggregate principal amount not exceeding the lesser of the principal amount authorized by the
Resolutions (defined below) and the principal amount of Notes supported by Credit Agreements (as
defined in the Resolutions). The Notes are authorized pursuant to the respective bond acts
identified in Schedule A hereto (collectively, the “Laws”) and are issued pursuant to Section
16731.6 of the Government Code of the State and resolutions (the “Resolutions”) adopted from
time to time by the respective finance committees designated under the Laws. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Resolutions.
In such connection, we have reviewed the Resolutions, the agreement between the State and U.S.
Bank National Association, as successor to Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, acting as
issuing and paying agent for the Notes, as amended to date (the “Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement”), the tax certificate of the State dated December 10, 2014 as supplemented by a
Supplemental Tax Certificate dated March 25, 2015 (as supplemented, the “Tax Certificate”)
related to the Tax-Exempt Notes, certificates of the State and others, and such other documents and
matters to the extent we deemed necessary to render the opinions set forth herein.



OHSUSA:761578118.1

Honorable John Chiang
March 25, 2015
Page 3


The opinions expressed herein are based on an analysis of existing laws, regulations, rulings and
court decisions and cover certain matters not directly addressed by such authorities. Such opinions
may be affected by actions taken or omitted or events occurring after the date hereof and before or
after Notes are issued. We have not undertaken to determine, or to inform any person, whether any
such actions are taken or omitted or events do occur or any other matters come to our attention after
the date hereof. Accordingly, this letter speaks only as of its date and is not intended to, and may
not, be relied upon or otherwise used in connection with any such actions, events or matters. We
have no obligation to update this letter. We have assumed the genuineness of all documents and
signatures presented to us (whether as originals or as copies) and the due and legal execution and
delivery thereof by, and validity against, any parties other than the State. We have assumed,
without undertaking to verify, the accuracy (as of the date hereof and as of each date of issuance
from time to time of the Notes) of the factual matters represented, warranted or certified in the
documents referred to in the second paragraph hereof. Furthermore, we have assumed compliance
with the covenants and agreements contained in the Resolutions and the Tax Certificate, including
(without limitation) covenants and agreements compliance with which is necessary to assure that
future actions, omissions or events will not cause interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes to be included
in gross income for federal income tax purposes, possibly retroactive to the date on which the
Notes were first issued. We call attention to the fact that the rights and obligations under the Notes,
the Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Tax Certificate and their
enforceability may be subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, reorganization, arrangement,
fraudulent conveyance, moratorium and other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights, to the
application of equitable principles, to the exercise of judicial discretion in appropriate cases, and to
the limitations on legal remedies against the State. We express no opinion with respect to any
indemnification, contribution, liquidated damages, penalty (including any remedy deemed to
constitute a penalty), right of set-off, arbitration, choice of law, choice of forum, choice of venue,
non-exclusivity of remedies, waiver or severability provisions contained in the foregoing
documents. Our services did not include financial or other non-legal advice. Finally, we undertake
no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of any offering material relating to the
Notes and express no opinion with respect thereto.
Based on and subject to the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, as of the date hereof, we are of the
following opinions:
1.      The State has full power and authority to adopt the Resolutions, and to issue the Notes.
2.      The Notes, when issued from time to time in the form authorized by and otherwise in
compliance with the Resolutions and the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and authenticated
by the Issuing and Paying Agent against payment therefor, will constitute the valid and binding
general obligations of the State, payable in accordance with the Resolutions from Available Funds.



OHSUSA:761578118.1

Honorable John Chiang
March 25, 2015
Page 4


3.      The full faith and credit of the State of California are pledged to the punctual payment of
the principal of and interest on the Notes as the principal and interest become due and payable.
4.      Interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes when issued from time to time in accordance with the
Resolutions, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Tax Certificate, will be excluded
from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1986. The amount treated as interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes and excluded from gross income
will depend upon the taxpayer's election under Internal Revenue Service Notice 94-84. Interest on
the Tax-Exempt Notes, when issued from time to time in accordance with the Resolutions, the
Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Tax Certificate, will not constitute a specific
preference item for purposes of the federal individual or corporate alternative minimum taxes,
although we observe that interest on the Tax-Exempt Notes will be included in adjusted current
earnings when calculating corporate alternate minimum taxable income.
5.      Interest on the Notes when issued from time to time in accordance with the Resolutions, the
Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, and with respect to the Tax-Exempt Notes the Tax
Certificate, will be exempt from State of California personal income taxes.
Except as explicitly stated in paragraphs 4 and 5 above, we express no opinion regarding other tax
consequences related to the ownership or disposition of, or the amount, accrual or receipt of interest
on, the Notes.
                                               Very truly yours,

                                             ORRICK, HERRINGTON & SUTCLIFFE LLP

                                             per




OHSUSA:761578118.1

                                      SCHEDULE A

                                       BOND ACTS

California Clean Water, Clean Air, Safe          Facilities Bond Act of 2006
    Neighborhood Parks, and Coastal          New Prison Construction Bond Act of 1988
    Protection Act of 2002                   New Prison Construction Bond Act of 1990
California Reading and Literacy              Public Education Facilities Bond Act of
   Improvement and Public Library                1996
   Construction and Renovation Bond Act      Safe, Clean, Reliable Water Supply Act
   of 2000                                   Safe Drinking Water, Clean Water,
California Stem Cell Research and Cures          Watershed Protection and Flood
   Bond Act of 2004                              Protection Bond Act
Children’s Hospital Bond Act of 2004         Safe Drinking Water, Water Quality and
Children’s Hospital Bond Act of 2008             Supply, Flood Control, River and
Class Size Reduction Kindergarten-               Coastal Protection Bond Act of 2006
   University Public Education Facilities    Safe Neighborhood Parks, Clean Water,
   Bond Act of 1998                             Clean Air and Coastal Protection Bond
Clean Air and Transportation Improvement        Act of 2000 (the Villaraigosa-Keeley
   Bond Act of 1990                             Act)
Disaster Preparedness and Flood Prevention   Safe, Reliable High-Speed Passenger Train
   Bond Act of 2006                             Bond Act for the 21st Century
Earthquake Safety and Public Buildings       School Facilities Bond Act of 1992
    Rehabilitation Bond Act of 1990          Veterans Home Bond Act of 2000
Higher Education Facilities Bond Act of      Veterans Housing and Homeless Prevention
    June 1990                                    Bond Act of 2014
Highway Safety, Traffic Reduction, Air       Voting Modernization Bond Act of 2002
    Quality, and Port Security Bond Act of      (Shelley-Hertzberg Act)
    2006                                     Water Conservation Bond Law of 1988
                                             Water Quality, Supply, and Infrastructure
Housing and Emergency Shelter Trust Fund        Improvement Act of 2014
   Act of 2002                               Water Security, Clean Drinking Water,
Housing and Emergency Shelter Trust Fund        Coastal and Beach Protection Act of
   Act of 2006                                  2002
Kindergarten-University Pubic Education
    Facilities Bond Act of 2002

Kindergarten-University Public Education
    Facilities Bond Act of 2004
Kindergarten-University Public Education

[Page Intentionally Left Blank]

                                          APPENDIX C

                                  BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY SYSTEM

        The information in this Appendix concerning The Depository Trust Company, New York,
New York (“DTC”) and DTC’s book-entry-only system has been obtained from sources that the
Dealers believe to be reliable, but none of the Dealers, the Bank nor the State take responsibility
for the accuracy thereof.

        DTC will act as securities depository for the Notes. The Notes will be issued as
fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or
such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. Unless otherwise
required by Cede & Co., the initial registered owner of the Notes, the Notes of each series shall
be evidenced by a single Master Note and will be deposited with DTC.

         DTC, the world’s largest securities depository, is a limited-purpose trust company
organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning of
the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation”
within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency”
registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity
issues, corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments from over 100
countries that DTC’s participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also
facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities
transactions in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry-only transfers
and pledges between Direct Participants’ accounts. This eliminates the need for physical
movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S.
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other
organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing
Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing
agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system
is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks,
trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). DTC has a
Standard & Poor’s rating of AA+. The DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about DTC can be found at
www.dtcc.com.

        Purchases of Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct
Participants, which will receive a credit for the Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest
of each actual purchaser of each Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the
Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written
confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive
written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their
holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into

the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the Notes are to be accomplished by entries
made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.
Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in Notes,
except in the event that use of the book-entry-only system for the Notes is discontinued.

        To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Notes deposited by Direct Participants with DTC
are registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as
may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of Notes with DTC and
their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee do not effect any change in
beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Notes;
DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Notes
are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their
customers.

       Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by
Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to
Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or
regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Beneficial Owners of Notes may
wish to take certain steps to augment the transmission to them of notices of significant events
with respect to the Notes, such as redemptions, tenders, defaults, and proposed amendments to
the Note documents. For example, Beneficial Owners of Notes may wish to ascertain that the
nominee holding the Notes for their benefit has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to
Beneficial Owners. In the alternative, Beneficial Owners may wish to provide their names and
addresses to the Registrar and request that copies of notices be provided directly to them.

        Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with
respect to the Notes unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI
Procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the State as soon as
possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting
rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts Notes are credited on the record date
(identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).

        Principal and interest payments on the Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or such other
nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to
credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail
information from the State or the Issuing and Paying Agent on payable date in accordance with
their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial
Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and
will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC, its nominee, the Issuing and Paying
Agent or the State, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from
time to time. Payment of principal or interest proceeds to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as
may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of the State or the
Issuing and Paying Agent, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants will be the



                                                C-2

responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners will be the
responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants.

       DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the
Notes at any time by giving reasonable notice to the State or the Registrar and Issuing and
Paying Agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depository is
not obtained, Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered.

        The State may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers
through DTC (or a successor securities depository). In that event, Note certificates will be
printed and delivered to DTC.

       The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry-only system has
been obtained from sources that the Dealers believe to be reliable, but none of the State, the
Dealers or the Bank takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.




                                             C-3

                                           APPENDIX D

                     DESCRIPTION OF THE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT

        The following summary of certain provisions of the Reimbursement Agreement does not
purport to be complete or definitive, does not constitute a complete summary of the
Reimbursement Agreement, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete
provisions of the Reimbursement Agreement, which is available from each Dealer. Investors
should obtain and review a copy of the Reimbursement Agreement in order to understand all of
the terms of such document.

       All capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in the summary of the
Reimbursement Agreement set forth below shall, unless otherwise specified, have the meanings
ascribed to such terms in the Reimbursement Agreement.

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

       If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing, each such event shall be an
“Event of Default” under the Reimbursement Agreement:

                (a)   The State (i) shall fail to pay, or cause to be paid, when due, any payment
       of principal or interest due on any Reimbursement Obligation (i.e. the principal or
       interest on any Bank Note or Rollover Note or any principal of any Loan for Interest) or
       any interest on any Loan for Interest, or (ii) shall have declared a moratorium on the
       payment of or repudiated its obligation to pay, such amounts when due under the
       Reimbursement Agreement or under the Fee Agreement; or

                (b) The State (A) shall fail to pay or cause to be paid any Payment Obligation
       (other than any payment referred to in subparagraph (a) above), within ten (10) calendar
       days after the later to occur of (i) its due date and (ii) the date on which the State receives
       an invoice reflecting such amount from the Bank, or (B) shall have declared a
       moratorium on the payment of, or repudiated its obligation to pay, any such amount when
       due under the Reimbursement Agreement; or

                (c)   (i) A court of competent jurisdiction shall enter a final, nonappealable
       order or judgment that (A) any Commercial Paper Note or any provision of any other
       Document is illegal, invalid or unenforceable or (B) the State does not have the authority
       or the power to perform any of its obligations under the Commercial Paper Notes or any
       other Document or as contemplated thereby, or (ii) the issuance of any Commercial Paper
       Notes shall result in a violation by the State of any material law, rule or regulation, or any
       order of any court, governmental agency or regulatory body, or any indenture or loan or
       credit agreement (including the Reimbursement Agreement) applicable to the State; or

                (d) A breach of the provisions of, or an event of default shall occur and be
       continuing under, any other Document and the expiration of any applicable grace period
       shall have occurred; or

        (e)  The State shall default in the performance of certain covenants set forth in
the Reimbursement Agreement; or

          (f) The State shall default in the performance of any other covenant or
agreement contained in the Reimbursement Agreement and such default shall continue
for thirty (30) days after written notice of such default shall have been given to the State
by the Bank; or

        (g) Any representation or warranty on the part of the State contained in any
Document shall prove to have been untrue in any material respect when made or when
reaffirmed, as the case may be; or

         (h) (i) Any provision of the Reimbursement Agreement, the Fee Agreement,
the Commercial Paper Notes, the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement or any Resolution
relating to or otherwise affecting the State’s obligation to pay the principal of or interest
on any Commercial Paper Note or any amount owing or to become owing under the
Reimbursement Agreement or the Fee Agreement shall be declared to be illegal,
unenforceable or null and void by any court of competent jurisdiction in a final and
nonappealable judgment or (ii) the State, in writing and pursuant to proper authorization,
(A) repudiates or otherwise denies in a judicial or administrative proceeding that it has
any further liability or obligation under the Reimbursement Agreement, under the Fee
Agreement or with respect to the Commercial Paper Notes, (B) shall have taken or
permitted to be taken any action, or has duly enacted any statute, that would materially
adversely affect the enforceability of the Commercial Paper Notes or its obligations under
the Reimbursement Agreement or the Fee Agreement or (C) contests in a judicial or
administrative proceeding the validity or enforceability of any material provision of the
Reimbursement Agreement, the Fee Agreement, the Commercial Paper Notes or any
Resolution relating to or otherwise affecting the State’s obligation to pay the principal of
or interest on any Note or any amount owing or to become owing under the
Reimbursement Agreement or the Fee Agreement; or

         (i)   (i) The State shall fail to make any payment in respect of any Debt when
due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or
otherwise) and such failure shall continue after any applicable grace period; or (ii) any
other default or event shall occur or condition shall exist and shall continue after any
applicable grace period, if the effect of such default or event or condition is to accelerate
the maturity of any Debt (other than Supplementally Secured Debt) or permit the
acceleration of the maturity of any Debt (other than Supplementally Secured Debt); or
any Debt (other than Supplementally Secured Debt) shall be declared to be due and
payable, or required to be prepaid (other than due to an optional call by the State or by a
regularly scheduled required prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof; or (iii) if
(A) any other default or event shall occur or condition shall exist and shall continue after
any applicable grace period and (B) the effect of such default or event or condition is to
accelerate the maturity of any Supplementally Secured Debt or any Supplementally
Secured Debt shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other
than due to an optional call by the State or by a regularly scheduled required


                                        D-2

       prepayment), prior to the stated maturity thereof, then it shall also constitute an Event of
       Default under this clause (iii) of this paragraph (i) if $500,000,000 or more of the moneys
       in the General Fund is or will be required to be applied to the payment of such
       Supplementally Secured Debt prior to the stated maturity thereof; or

              (j)    The State shall declare a moratorium on or repudiate its obligation to pay
       any Debt (other than Supplementally Secured Debt) or default on any Debt (other than
       Supplementally Secured Debt); or

                (k) (i) Any Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt is rated (by any Rating
       Agency then rating such Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt) below “Baa3” (or
       its equivalent), in the case of Moody’s, or “BBB-“ (or its equivalent), in the case of S&P
       or Fitch, or (ii) Moody’s, Fitch or S&P shall withdraw or suspend its rating with respect
       to Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt, provided that it shall not be an Event of
       Default if any Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt shall have its rating suspended
       or withdrawn by a Rating Agency due to (1) the maturity, redemption or defeasance of
       such Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt, or (2) the State’s failure to apply for
       ratings or to provide information to any Rating Agency (so long as the State maintains
       ratings on such Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt from at least two Rating
       Agencies); or

                (l)  Interest on any of the Series A-5 Notes shall be declared to be includable
       in the gross income of the holders thereof for federal income tax purposes by a
       non-appealable, final determination by the Internal Revenue Service or a court of
       competent jurisdiction, in which proceedings the State has had the opportunity to
       participate.

        No default by the State under the Reimbursement Agreement shall relieve the Bank from
its obligation to honor a properly presented and conforming Drawing.

REMEDIES

        Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default the Bank may exercise any one or more of
the following rights and remedies in addition to any other remedies herein or by law provided:

                (a)   Issue a No-Issuance Notice, reduce the Stated Amount to equal the
       principal amount of the Supported Commercial Paper Notes then outstanding plus
       interest to accrue thereon, at the assumed rate specified in the Letter of Credit, to the
       respective maturity dates of such Supported Commercial Paper Notes and cause the
       Stated Amount to reduce in the amount of each Drawing until all such Commercial Paper
       Notes have matured and on such date the Letter of Credit shall terminate; provided,
       however, that if such No-Issuance Notice has been rescinded by the Bank, the Stated
       Amount shall be reinstated in accordance with the reinstatement provisions set forth in
       the fourth paragraph of the Letter of Credit; or




                                               D-3

                (b) By written notice to the State declare the principal of and any accrued
       interest in respect of all Payment Obligations including, without limitation, Bank Notes,
       Rollover Notes and Loans for Interest, and all other obligations owing under the
       Reimbursement Agreement and under the Fee Agreement to be, whereupon the same
       shall become, forthwith due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other
       notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the State; provided, however, that
       with respect to the acceleration of Bank Notes and Rollover Notes, Bank Notes and
       Rollover Notes shall be due and payable on the second (2nd) Business Day following the
       date on which the Bank directs such acceleration and such Bank Notes and Rollover
       Notes shall be tendered by the Bank against delivery by wire transfer of the principal
       amount thereof in accordance with the Reimbursement Agreement; or

                (c)    So long as such Event of Default shall not have been remedied to the sole
       satisfaction of the Bank, proceed to enforce all remedies available under the Documents
       (other than the Reimbursement Agreement) and under applicable law and in equity,
       including, but not limited to, the right to seek mandamus.

       Neither the exercise of the foregoing remedies nor any other provision in the
Reimbursement Agreement shall permit the Bank to terminate the Letter of Credit as a result of
an Event of Default under the Reimbursement Agreement prior to the Termination Date.

DEFINITIONS

        “Debt” means all general obligation debt of the State backed by the full faith and credit
of the State, and all revenue anticipation notes and registered, reimbursement or refunding
warrants of the State. “Debt” does not mean any obligations under any reimbursement
agreement, standby purchase agreement, forward warrant purchase agreement or similar credit
agreement other than payment obligations thereunder that are backed by the full faith and credit
of the State.

        “Documents” means, collectively, the Reimbursement Agreement, the Fee Agreement,
the Commercial Paper Notes, the Letter of Credit, the Resolutions, the Dealer Agreements, and
the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement.

        “Drawing” means any drawing made or permitted to be made pursuant to the terms of
the Letter of Credit.

       “Fee Agreement” means the Third Amended and Restated Fee Agreement dated
February 12, 2016, between the State, acting by and through the Treasurer, and the Bank, as the
same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

       “Liquidity Tranche” means a Bank Note purchased by the Bank in connection with a
Drawing under the Principal Component of the Letter of Credit, any Rollover Note issued to
repay such maturing Bank Note, and any subsequent related Rollover Note issued to repay any
maturing Rollover Note related to such Drawing under the Principal Component.



                                              D-4

        “Payment Obligations” means all obligations of the State to pay or reimburse the Bank
contained in or evidenced by the Reimbursement Agreement or any other Document, including,
without limitation, the Reimbursement Obligations and accrued interest thereon, and the
obligations of the State contained in the Fee Agreement and in certain sections the
Reimbursement Agreement.

       “Purchase Drawing” means a Drawing to pay the purchase price of Bank Notes the
proceeds of which shall be used to pay the principal of maturing Commercial Paper Notes in
accordance with the terms of the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement.

        “Rated Long-Term General Obligation Debt” means rated long-term debt that is general
obligation debt of the State, backed by the full faith and credit of the State, but excluding
Supplementally Secured Debt and any bonds whose rating is based upon a bond insurance policy
or other third-party credit support.

        “Reimbursement Obligations” means any and all obligations of the State to reimburse the
Bank for Drawings under the Letter of Credit, if any, including, without limitation, each Loan for
Interest made by the Bank and the payment of the principal of and interest on the related Bank
Note and/or Rollover Notes of a Liquidity Tranche.

       “Rollover Notes” means Commercial Paper Notes issued by the Issuing and Paying
Agent and acquired by the Bank to fund the payment of the principal of a Bank Note or other
Rollover Note as and when due.

        “Supplementally Secured Debt” means Debt that is, by its terms, payable first from a
specified State fund or account other than the General Fund.




                                               D-5

                                                            U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                                                   ______________________
                                                                   ______________________
                                                                   ______________________
                                         APPENDIX E

                                  FORM OF LETTER OF CREDIT


     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________


                                                        Originally Issued December 21, 2011
                                                   Amended and Restated on February 12, 2016
                                                                          U.S. $231,102,740
                                                                        No. ______________

U.S. Bank National Association,
 as Issuing and Paying Agent
______________________
______________________
______________________
Attention: ____________

Ladies and Gentlemen:

        U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”) hereby establishes, at the request and for
the account of the State of California (the “State”), in your favor, as Issuing and Paying Agent
(the “Issuing and Paying Agent”) with respect to the State of California General Obligation Tax-
Exempt Commercial Paper Notes, Series A-5 and State of California General Obligation Taxable
Commercial Paper Notes, Series B-5 (the “Commercial Paper Notes”), issued pursuant to the
Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, dated as of
December 1, 2009, as amended to date, between the State and the Issuing and Paying Agent (the
“Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement”) and certain resolutions of finance committees under
general obligation bond statutes adopted from time to time (the “Resolutions”), our Amended
and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (as amended, restated, modified
or supplemented from time to time, the “Letter of Credit”) in the maximum available amount of
Two Hundred Thirty-One Million One Hundred Two Thousand Seven Hundred Forty Dollars
($231,102,740) (the “Stated Amount). The initial Stated Amount of this Letter of Credit is
comprised of and equals the sum of (i) the maximum principal amount of the Supported
Commercial Paper Notes (as defined in the hereinafter defined Reimbursement Agreement)
($225,000,000) (the “Principal Component”) and (ii) interest on such maximum principal
amount calculated at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum for a period of ninety (90) days
and on the basis of a year of 365 days ($6,102,740) (the “Interest Component”). The Principal
Component of this Letter of Credit may be drawn upon from time to time for the payment of the

purchase price of Bank Notes (as hereinafter defined), which payment will be used to pay the
principal amount of the related maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes (each such drawing
is referred to herein as a “Purchase Drawing”). The Interest Component of this Letter of Credit
may be drawn upon from time to time for the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on
maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes (each such drawing is referred to herein as an
“Interest Drawing”). This Letter of Credit is effective on the date hereof and expires on the
Stated Expiration Date (as hereinafter defined) or earlier as hereinafter provided; provided,
however, that if such date is not a Business Day, the Stated Expiration Date shall be the
immediately preceding Business Day. The Stated Amount is subject to reductions and
reinstatements as provided herein. All Drawings (as hereinafter defined) under this Letter of
Credit will be paid in immediately available funds with our own funds and will not be paid
directly or indirectly from funds or collateral on deposit with or for the account of, or pledged
with or for the account of, us by the State. This Letter of Credit is being issued pursuant to the
Second Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement dated as of November 1, 2015 (as it
may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Reimbursement
Agreement”), between the State, acting by and through the Treasurer, and the Bank.

       For purposes of this Letter of Credit, “Bank Note” means each Commercial Paper Note
issued by the Issuing and Paying Agent on behalf of the State and purchased by the Bank with
the proceeds of a Purchase Drawing.

        We hereby irrevocably authorize you to draw on us in an aggregate amount not to exceed
the Stated Amount of this Letter of Credit set forth above and in accordance with the terms and
conditions and subject to the reductions and reinstatements in amount as hereinafter set forth, in
one or more Drawings, payable as set forth herein, on any day of the year other than (i) a
Saturday, a Sunday or a State legal holiday, (ii) a day on which banks located in New York,
New York or Los Angeles, California are required or authorized to close, (iii) a day on which the
New York Stock Exchange is closed, and (iv) a day on which banking institutions are required or
authorized to close in the city in which the principal office of the Issuing and Paying Agent is
located (a “Business Day”), by presentation of a sight draft in the form of Exhibit H hereto
(each, a “Sight Draft”), accompanied by your written and completed certificate signed by you in
the form of (i) Annex A-1 attached hereto (in connection with a Purchase Drawing under the
Principal Component to pay the purchase price of Bank Notes the proceeds of which shall be
used solely to pay the principal of maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes issued in
accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Resolutions) in an amount not
exceeding the Principal Component, or (ii) Annex A-2 attached hereto (in connection with an
Interest Drawing under the Interest Component for payment of accrued and unpaid interest on
Supported Commercial Paper Notes issued in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement and the Resolutions, in an amount not exceeding the Interest Component (the
presentation of any such certificate being a “Drawing”), and in any event, in an aggregate
amount not exceeding the Stated Amount of this Letter of Credit.

      Upon our honoring any Drawing, the Stated Amount and the amount available to be
drawn hereunder by you pursuant to any subsequent Drawing shall be automatically decreased
by an amount equal to the amount of such Drawing (with the Principal Component being
automatically decreased by the amount set forth in the certificate presented in connection with


                                               -2-

any Purchase Drawing and the Interest Component being automatically decreased by the amount
set forth in the certificate presented in connection with any Interest Drawing). In connection
therewith (except in the case of a Drawing after the date on which the Bank issues a No-Issuance
Notice pursuant to Section 7.3(a) of the Reimbursement Agreement which has not been
rescinded by the Bank), the Stated Amount (and applicable corresponding amounts of the
Principal Component and Interest Component) shall be increased when and to the extent and in
the amount, but only when and to the extent that (i) with respect to the Principal Component, of
our receipt of payment of the principal amount of maturing Bank Notes or Rollover Notes (as
defined in the Reimbursement Agreement) and, with respect to the Interest Component, of our
receipt of payment of the principal amount of any Loan for Interest (as defined in the
Reimbursement Agreement) and (ii) you have not received from us a No-Issuance Notice in the
form attached hereto as Annex G; provided, however, that if such notice has been rescinded by
the Bank, the Stated Amount shall be reinstated on the effective date of such rescission to the
extent of payments received by the Bank in accordance with this sentence.

        The Stated Amount of this Letter of Credit will be reduced to the amount set forth on
Annex E hereto from time to time delivered by you to the Bank to be attached hereto and made a
part hereof (any such date referred to herein as a “Decrease Date”). As of the applicable
Decrease Date and upon such reduction, the Stated Amount shall not be less than the sum of the
principal amount of all outstanding Supported Commercial Paper Notes plus interest thereon at
the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum for a period of ninety (90) days calculated on the
basis of a year of 365 days.

        Each Drawing and the related Sight Draft shall be dated the date of its presentation and
shall be presented at our office at ___________, ___________ as aforesaid, by facsimile (at
facsimile number: ___________), Attention: ___________, without further need of
documentation (including the original of this Letter of Credit), it being understood that each
Drawing so submitted is to be the sole operative instrument of drawing. No telephonic
confirmation of such facsimile transmission is required. If we receive any Drawing, in strict
conformity with the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit, not later than 12:30 P.M., New
York time, on a Business Day prior to the termination hereof, we will honor the same by
2:30 P.M., New York time, on the same day in accordance with your payment instructions. If we
receive any Drawing, in strict conformity with the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit,
after 12:30 P.M., New York time, on a Business Day prior to the termination hereof, we will
honor the same by 2:30 P.M., New York time, on the next succeeding Business Day in
accordance with your payment instructions.

       Payment under this Letter of Credit shall be made by the Bank by wire transfer of
immediately available funds to ____________________________________________. Such
account may be changed only by presentation to the Bank of a letter in form satisfactory to the
Bank specifying a different account with the Issuing and Paying Agent and executed by the
Issuing and Paying Agent and authenticated to our satisfaction.

       This Letter of Credit shall expire at 5:00 P.M., New York time, on the date (the
“Termination Date”) which is the earliest to occur of (i) August 9, 2019 (as extended from time
to time the “Stated Expiration Date”), (ii) the later of (a) the date on which we receive written


                                               -3-

notice from you in the form of Annex C attached hereto that a substitute letter of credit has been
substituted for this Letter of Credit in accordance with the Resolutions and the Issuing and
Paying Agent Agreement and (b) the effective date of any such substitute letter of credit as
specified in such Annex C (after we honor any properly presented and strictly conforming
Drawing on such date), (iii) the date on which we receive written notice from you in the form of
Annex D attached hereto that there are no longer any Supported Commercial Paper Notes
outstanding within the meaning of the Resolutions and the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement
and that you elect to terminate the Letter of Credit and (iv) the date on which the final Drawing
under the Letter of Credit is honored by the Bank hereunder to fund (A) the payment of the
purchase price of Bank Notes, which payment will be used to pay the principal amount of all
maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes issued prior to the date on which the Bank issued
the No-Issuance Notice, and/or (B) the payment of the accrued and unpaid interest on maturing
Supported Commercial Paper Notes issued prior to the date on which the Bank issued the No-
Issuance notice, in each case, resulting from the delivery of a No-Issuance Notice that has not
been rescinded.

       Prior to the Termination Date, we may extend the Stated Expiration Date from time to
time at the request of the State by delivering to you a notice in the form of Annex F hereto
designating the date to which the Stated Expiration Date is being extended. All references in this
Letter of Credit to the Stated Expiration Date shall be deemed to be references to the date
designated as such in such notice. Any date to which the Stated Expiration Date has been
extended as herein provided may be extended in a like manner.

        This Letter of Credit is transferable in its entirety to any transferee which you have
certified to us has succeeded you as Issuing and Paying Agent under the Issuing and Paying
Agent Agreement and may be successively transferred. Transfer of the available balance under
this Letter of Credit to such transferee (each a “Transfer”) shall be effected by presenting to us a
notice in the form of Annex B attached hereto signed by the transferor and the transferee together
with the original Letter of Credit and amendments, if any. Transfers to designated foreign
nationals and/or specially designated nationals are not permitted as being contrary to the
U.S. Treasury Department or Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulations. Upon our
endorsement of such transfer, the transferee instead of the transferor shall, without necessity of
further action, be entitled to all the benefits of and rights under this Letter of Credit in the
transferor’s place.

       This Letter of Credit sets forth in full our undertaking (but not any of our rights, whether
under applicable law or otherwise), and such undertaking (but not any of our rights, whether
under applicable law or otherwise) shall not in any way be modified, amended, amplified or
limited by reference to any document, instrument or agreement referred to herein (including,
without limitation, the Commercial Paper Notes), except only the Drawings referred to herein
and ISP98 (as hereinafter defined); and any such reference shall not be deemed to incorporate
herein by reference any document, instrument or agreement except for such Drawings and the
ISP98 (as hereinafter defined).

       If a Drawing does not conform to the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit, we
will use reasonable efforts to give telephonic notice thereof to the Issuing and Paying Agent


                                                -4-

within the time set forth above for honor of such Drawing; such notice, if given, to be confirmed
in writing to the Issuing and Paying Agent within one Business Day after such notice; provided,
however, that the absence of such confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding
effect of such notice, and we shall hold all documents at your disposal or, at your option, return
the same to you.

       Communications with respect to this Letter of Credit shall be addressed to us at U.S.
Bank National Association at ___________, ___________, facsimile number: ___________ (or
such other place as we may from time to time specify by written notice) specifically referring to
the number of this Letter of Credit.

        Communications with respect to this Letter of Credit shall be addressed to you at the
above address, or at such other address as is provided in writing to us by you, specifically
referring to the number of this Letter of Credit.




                                               -5-

        Except as expressly stated herein, this Letter of Credit is governed by, and shall be
construed in accordance with, the terms of the International Standby Practices 1998,
International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (the “ISP98”). As to matters not
governed by ISP98, this Letter of Credit shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the internal law of the State of New York (including, without limitation, Article 5 of the Uniform
Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York).

                                       [Signature Page to Follow]




                                               -6-

                                     Very truly yours,

                                     U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


                                     By ___________________________________
                                       Name:_______________________________
                                       Title:________________________________




[SIGNATURE PAGE TO U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, SERIES A-5 AND B-5 NOTES
                 AMENDED AND RESTATED LETTER OF CREDIT]

                                          ANNEX A-1
                                     TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                           CERTIFICATE FOR PURCHASE DRAWING

U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

        The undersigned, a duly authorized officer of _______________________ (the “Issuing
and Paying Agent”), hereby certifies to U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”), with
reference to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the
“Letter of Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

                1. _______________________ is the Issuing and Paying Agent under the
       Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and is acting as the agent for the holders of the
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

                 2. The Issuing and Paying Agent is making a Purchase Drawing under the
       Letter of Credit to pay the purchase price of a Bank Note the proceeds of which shall be
       used solely in respect of the payment of the principal of maturing Supported Commercial
       Paper Notes, which payment is due on ____________, 20__.

                 3. The amount of this Drawing is $__________, and such amount is being
       drawn under the Principal Component of the Letter of Credit to pay the purchase price of
       a Bank Note the proceeds of which shall be used solely in respect of the payment of the
       principal of maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes. Such amount was computed in
       compliance with the terms and conditions of the Supported Commercial Paper Notes and
       the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. The amount of this Drawing does not exceed
       the Principal Component, and the amount of this Drawing together with the amount of
       any Interest Drawing presented in connection herewith does not exceed the Stated
       Amount of the Letter of Credit.

                4. The Supported Commercial Paper Notes were authenticated and delivered
       by us (or a predecessor Issuing and Paying Agent) pursuant to authority under the
       Resolutions and the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement.

                5. On the date the Issuing and Paying Agent receives payment of this
       Drawing under the Letter of Credit, the Issuing and Paying Agent will (a) issue on behalf
       of the State, to or for the benefit of the Bank, a Bank Note purchased by the Bank in
       connection with this Drawing in an amount equal to the amount drawn on the Principal

                                                                        Annex A-1 to
                                                      U.S. Bank National Association
               Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                          (continued)



Component of the Letter of Credit and (b) deposit the proceeds of the sale of such Bank
Note directly into the account within the Note Payment Account (as defined in the
Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement) maintained by the Issuing and Paying Agent with
respect to the Supported Commercial Paper Notes pursuant to the Issuing and Paying
Agent Agreement and apply the same directly to the payment when due of the principal
amount of the maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes pursuant to the Issuing and
Paying Agent Agreement. No portion of said amount shall be applied by the Issuing and
Paying Agent for any other purpose. No portion of said amount shall be commingled with
other funds held by the Issuing and Paying Agent, except for other funds drawn under the
Letter of Credit and funds of the State held in the account within the Note Payment
Account maintained by the Issuing and Paying Agent with respect to the Supported
Commercial Paper Notes. When such Supported Commercial Paper Notes have been
presented for payment and paid by the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Issuing and Paying
Agent will cancel such matured Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

         6. Payment by the Bank pursuant to this drawing is to be made to the Issuing
and Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of the Letter of Credit.




                                     A-1-2

                                                                              Annex A-1 to
                                                            U.S. Bank National Association
                     Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                                (continued)




        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing and Paying Agent has executed and delivered this
Certificate as of the ______ day of _______________, _____.

                                            _______________, as Issuing and Paying Agent


                                            By ___________________________________
                                              Name:_______________________________
                                              Title:________________________________




                                         A-1-3

                                          ANNEX A-2
                                              TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                            CERTIFICATE FOR INTEREST DRAWING

U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

        The undersigned, a duly authorized officer of ______________________ (the “Issuing
and Paying Agent”), hereby certifies to U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”), with
reference to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the
“Letter of Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

                1. ______________________ is the Issuing and Paying Agent under the
       Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and is acting as the agent for the holders of the
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

                 2. The Issuing and Paying Agent is making an Interest Drawing under the
       Letter of Credit with respect to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest on maturing
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes, which payment is due on _____,20__.

                3. The amount of this Drawing is $__________, which amount is being
       drawn under the Interest Component of the Letter of Credit representing accrued and
       unpaid interest on the maturing Supported Commercial Paper Notes. Such amount was
       computed in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Supported Commercial
       Paper Notes and the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. The amount of this Drawing
       does not exceed the Interest Component, and the amount of this Drawing together with
       any Purchase Drawing presented in connection herewith does not exceed the Stated
       Amount of the Letter of Credit.

                4. The Supported Commercial Paper Notes were authenticated and delivered
       by us (or a predecessor Issuing and Paying Agent) pursuant to authority under the
       Resolutions and the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement.

                 5. On the date the Issuing and Paying Agent receives payment of this
       Drawing under the Letter of Credit, the Issuing and Paying Agent will deposit the amount
       drawn hereunder directly into the account within the Note Payment Account (as defined
       in the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement) maintained by the Issuing and Paying Agent
       with respect to the Supported Commercial Paper Notes pursuant to the Issuing and
       Paying Agent Agreement and apply the same directly to the payment when due of the
       amount of accrued and unpaid interest owing on account of the Supported Commercial

                                                                         Annex A-2 to
                                                       U.S. Bank National Association
                Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                           (continued)


Paper Notes pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. No portion of said
amount shall be commingled with other funds held by the Issuing and Paying Agent,
except for other funds drawn under the Letter of Credit and funds of the State held in the
account within the Note Payment Account maintained by the Issuing and Paying Agent
with respect to the Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

        6. The Issuing and Paying Agent hereby acknowledges and agrees that the
Bank shall be subrogated to the rights of the holders of the Supported Commercial Paper
Notes with respect to the accrued and unpaid interest on such Supported Commercial
Paper Notes paid from this Drawing.

         7. Payment by the Bank pursuant to this drawing is to be made to the Issuing
and Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of the Letter of Credit.




                                      A-2-2

                                                                               Annex A-2 to
                                                             U.S. Bank National Association
                      Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                                 (continued)



       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this Certificate as of
the ______ day of _______________, _____.

                                              _______________, as Issuing and Paying Agent


                                              By ___________________________________
                                                Name:_______________________________
                                                Title:________________________________




                                           A-2-3

                                            ANNEX B
                                     TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                                           TRANSFER

                                    Date: _______________


U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

       Re:                     U.S. Bank National Association
             Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                   dated February 12, 2016
We, the undersigned “Transferor”, hereby irrevocably transfer all of our rights to draw under the
above referenced Letter of Credit (“Letter of Credit”) in its entirety to:

                     NAME OF TRANSFEREE
               __________________________________________________________
                 (Print Name and complete address of the Transferee) “Transferee”
                     ADDRESS OF TRANSFEREE
               __________________________________________________________

               __________________________________________________________
                     CITY, STATE/COUNTRY ZIP
               __________________________________________________________
We certify that the Transferee has succeeded us as Issuing and Paying Agent under the Issuing
and Paying Agent Agreement referred to in the Letter of Credit.
In accordance with ISP98, Rule 6, regarding transfer of drawing rights, all rights of the
undersigned Transferor in such Credit are transferred to the Transferee, which shall have the sole
rights as beneficiary thereof, including sole rights relating to any amendments whether increases
or extensions or other amendments and whether now existing or hereafter made. All
amendments are to be advised directly to the Transferee without necessity of any consent of or
notice to the undersigned Transferor.
The original Letter of Credit, including amendments to this date, is attached, and the undersigned
Transferor requests that you endorse an acknowledgment of this transfer on the reverse thereof or
issue a new letter of credit in favor of the Transferee. The undersigned Transferor requests that
you notify the Transferee, in such form and manner as you deem appropriate, of the terms and

                                                                                  Annex B to
                                                              U.S. Bank National Association
                       Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                                  (continued)


conditions of the Letter of Credit as transferred. The undersigned Transferor acknowledges that
you incur no obligation hereunder and that the transfer shall not be effective until you have
expressly consented to effect the transfer by notice to the Transferee.
If you agree to these instructions, please advise the Transferee of the terms and conditions of the
transferred credit and these instructions.
Transferor represents and warrants to you that (i) our execution, delivery, and performance of
this request to transfer (a) are within our powers, (b) have been duly authorized, (c) constitute
our legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligation, (d) do not contravene any charter provision,
by-law, resolution, contract, or other undertaking binding on or affecting us or any of our
properties and (e) do not require any notice, filing or other action to, with, or by any
governmental authority, (ii) the enclosed Credit is original and complete, (iii) there is no
outstanding demand or request for payment or transfer under the Credit affecting the rights to be
transferred, and (iv) the Transferee’s name and address are correct and complete and the
Transferee’s use of the Credit as transferred and the transactions underlying the Credit and the
requested transfer do not violate any applicable United States or other law, rule or regulation.
The Effective Date of this transfer shall be the date hereafter on which you effect such transfer
by giving notice thereof to Transferee.
WE WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY THAT WE MAY HAVE IN ANY ACTION
OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS TRANSFER.
This transfer is made subject to ISP98 and is subject to and shall be governed by the internal law
of the State of New York to the extent not inconsistent with the ISP.
                                    (Signature Page Follows)




                                               B-2

                                                                                 Annex B to
                                                             U.S. Bank National Association
                      Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                                 (continued)



Sincerely yours,                                                SIGNATURE GUARANTEED
___________________________________                Signature(s) with title(s) conform(s) with that/those on
         (Print Name of Transferor)                file with us for this individual, entity or company and
                                                   signer(s) is/are authorized to execute this agreement.
___________________________________
   (Transferor’s Authorized Signature)
                                                                     (Print Name of Bank)

___________________________________
                                                                       (Address of Bank)
 (Print Authorized Signers Name and Title)
                                                                     (City, State, Zip Code)
___________________________________
    (Telephone Number/Fax Number)
                                                         (Print Name and Title of Authorized Signer)


                                                                     (Authorized Signature)


                                                                      (Telephone Number)
Acknowledged:
___________________________________
                                                                        (Date)
       (Print Name of Transferee)                               SIGNATURE GUARANTEED
                                                   Signature(s) with title(s) conform(s) with that/those on
___________________________________                file with us for this individual, entity or company and
   (Transferee’s Authorized Signature)             signer(s) is/are authorized to execute this agreement.

___________________________________
 (Print Authorized Signers Name and Title)                           (Print Name of Bank)


___________________________________                                    (Address of Bank)
    (Telephone Number/Fax Number)
                                                                     (City, State, Zip Code)

                                                         (Print Name and Title of Authorized Signer)
Acknowledged as of ____________, 20__;
U.S. Bank National Association
                                                                     (Authorized Signature)
By:     ________________________________
Name: ________________________________                                (Telephone Number)
Title: _________________________________
                                                                             (Date)




                                             B-3

                                           ANNEX C
                                               TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                      CERTIFICATE RE: ALTERNATE LETTER OF CREDIT

U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

        The undersigned, a duly authorized officer of __________________________ (the
“Issuing and Paying Agent”), hereby certifies to U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”),
with reference to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the
“Letter of Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

                 1. __________________________ is the Issuing and Paying Agent under
       the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and is acting as the agent for the holders of the
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

                  2. The conditions precedent to the acceptance of a substitute letter of credit
       set forth in the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Resolutions have been
       satisfied.

                 3. A substitute letter of credit in full and complete substitution for the Letter
       of Credit has been accepted by the Issuing and Paying Agent and is or will be in effect as
       of _____________, 20__.

                 4.   There will be no further Drawings presented to the Bank under the Letter
       of Credit.

                 5. Upon receipt by the Bank of this Certificate the Letter of Credit shall
       terminate with respect to all outstanding Supported Commercial Paper Notes, and the
       Letter of Credit (and amendments, if any) is returned to you herewith for cancellation.

                 6.   No payment is demanded of you in connection with this Certificate.

                                                                                Annex C to
                                                            U.S. Bank National Association
                     Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                                (continued)



        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing and Paying Agent has executed and delivered this
Certificate as of the ______ day of _______________, _____.

                                            _______________, as Issuing and Paying Agent


                                            By ___________________________________
                                              Name:_______________________________
                                              Title:________________________________




                                           C-2

                                           ANNEX D
                                              TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                         CERTIFICATE RE: NO OUTSTANDING NOTES

U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

        The undersigned, a duly authorized officer of ________________________ (the “Issuing
and Paying Agent”), hereby certifies to U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”), with
reference to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the
“Letter of Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

                1. ________________________ is the Issuing and Paying Agent under the
       Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and is acting as the agent for the holders of the
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

                 2. Either (i) no Supported Commercial Paper Notes (other than Supported
       Commercial Paper Notes with respect to which a substitute letter of credit is in effect)
       remain outstanding under the Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and the Resolution,
       or (ii) no Supported Commercial Paper Notes remain outstanding and the State does not
       intend to issue any additional Supported Commercial Paper Notes under the Issuing and
       Paying Agent Agreement.

                3. There will be no further Drawings presented to the Bank under the Letter
       of Credit, and we hereby elect to terminate the Letter of Credit and return such Letter of
       Credit (and amendments, if any) to you herewith for cancellation.

                4.    No payment is demanded of you in connection with this Certificate.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing and Paying Agent has executed and delivered this
Certificate as of the ______ day of _______________, _____.

                                                _______________, as Issuing and Paying Agent


                                                By ___________________________________
                                                  Name:_______________________________
                                                  Title:________________________________

                                           ANNEX E
                                              TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                   REDUCTION OF STATED AMOUNT OF LETTER OF CREDIT

                                                                                         [DATE]


                                                                      AMENDMENT NO. ______

U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

       Re:              Reduction of Stated Amount of Letter of Credit

        The undersigned, a duly authorized representative of _________________ (the “Issuing
and Paying Agent”), hereby certifies to U.S. Bank National Association (the “Bank”), with
reference to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the
“Letter of Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

                1. _______________________ is the Issuing and Paying Agent under the
       Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement and is acting as the agent for the holders of the
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes.

                2. The Issuing and Paying Agent hereby notifies you that on or prior to the
       date hereof the State has determined that the Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit shall
       be reduced to $________________.

                3. The Issuing and Paying Agent hereby confirms that the Stated Amount of
       the Letter of Credit shall not be less than the sum of the principal amount of all
       outstanding Supported Commercial Paper Notes plus interest thereon at the rate of eleven
       percent (11%) per annum for a period of ninety (90) days calculated on the basis of a year
       of 365 days.

                4. If any Supported Commercial Paper Notes are outstanding as of the date
       of this Certificate, the State has informed us that it will not issue additional Supported
       Commercial Paper Notes unless after the issuance of such additional Supported
       Commercial Paper Notes the aggregate principal amount of Supported Commercial Paper
       Notes outstanding, together with the aggregate interest payable thereon, shall be no

                                                                                Annex E to
                                                            U.S. Bank National Association
                     Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                                (continued)

      greater than the Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit, as so reduced pursuant to this
      certificate.

               5. The Stated Amount of the Letter of Credit is reduced to $___________,
      the Principal Component is reduced to $__________ and the Interest Component is
      reduced to $___________ upon receipt by the Bank of this certificate.

                6. The undersigned represents that he/she is a duly authorized representative
      of the Issuing and Paying Agent.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuing and Paying Agent has executed and delivered this
certificate as of the ________ day of _________, ____.

                                             __________________________, as Issuing and
                                               Paying Agent


                                             By ___________________________________
                                               Name:_______________________________
                                               Title: ________________________________




                                            E-2

                                           ANNEX F
                                              TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                       NOTICE OF EXTENSION OF STATED EXPIRATION DATE

                                                                        AMENDMENT NO. ____

___________________
___________________
___________________
Attention:    ___________________

       The undersigned, a duly authorized representative of U.S. Bank National Association (the
“Bank”), hereby notifies _________________ (the “Issuing and Paying Agent”), with reference
to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the “Letter of
Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein as therein
defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

              1. The Stated Expiration Date of the Letter of Credit has been extended to
       __________.

                  2.    This Notice shall be attached to the Letter of Credit and made a part
       thereof.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank has executed and delivered this Notice as of
_______________, _____.
                                                U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the
                                                  Bank

                                                By ___________________________________
                                                  Name:_______________________________
                                                  Title:________________________________

                                           ANNEX G
                                              TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                                    NO-ISSUANCE NOTICE

___________________
___________________
___________________
Attention:    ___________________

        The undersigned, a duly authorized representative of U.S. Bank National Association (the
“Bank”), hereby certifies to _______________ (the “Issuing and Paying Agent”), with
reference to Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________ (the
“Letter of Credit”; the terms defined therein and not otherwise defined herein being used herein
as therein defined) issued by the Bank in favor of the Issuing and Paying Agent, as follows:

               1. We hereby notify you that, in accordance with the terms of the
       Reimbursement Agreement, an Event of Default (as defined in the Reimbursement
       Agreement) has occurred and is continuing.

                2. Subject to the following sentence, you shall cease authenticating
       Supported Commercial Paper Notes, as provided in Section 7 of the Issuing and Paying
       Agent Agreement, unless and until we rescind this No-Issuance Notice. If you receive
       this No-Issuance Notice after 11:00 A.M., New York time, on a Business Day you shall
       cease authenticating Supported Commercial Paper Notes on the next Business Day.

                3. This No-Issuance Notice shall not affect our obligation to honor Purchase
       Drawings and Interest Drawings with respect to Supported Commercial Paper Notes
       which have been authenticated prior to your receipt of this No-Issuance Notice (or,
       subject to paragraph 2 above, on the same Business Day that you receive this
       No-Issuance Notice), and you shall continue to have the right to draw under the Letter of
       Credit (x) Purchase Drawings under the Principal Component and (y) Interest Drawings
       under the Interest Component with respect to Supported Commercial Paper Notes
       authenticated prior to your receipt of this No-Issuance Notice (or, subject to paragraph 2
       above, authenticated on the same Business Day that you receive this No-Issuance
       Notice).

                                                                               Annex G to
                                                           U.S. Bank National Association
                    Amended and Restated Irrevocable Letter of Credit No. ______________
                                                                               (continued)


       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this No-Issuance
Notice as of the ______ day of _______________, _____.

                                           U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the
                                             Bank


                                           By ___________________________________
                                             Name:_______________________________
                                             Title:________________________________




                                         G-2

                                        ANNEX H
                                            TO
                       U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
     AMENDED AND RESTATED IRREVOCABLE LETTER OF CREDIT NO. ______________

                                      SIGHT DRAFT

U.S. Bank National Association
______________________
______________________
Attention: ___________

Sight Draft Amount: $__________

Sight Draft Date: __________ _____, 20___

      At sight of this draft, pay to the order of _____________________________, as Issuing
and Paying Agent (the “Issuing and Paying Agent”) under the Issuing and Paying Agent
Agreement, and as beneficiary under the above-referenced Letter of Credit, the sight draft
amount referenced above.

                                             __________________________, Issuing and
                                               Paying Agent

                                             By ___________________________________
                                               Name:_______________________________
                                               Title:________________________________

                                          APPENDIX F

                       CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE BANK

                          U. S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION


        U.S. Bank National Association (“USBNA”) is a national banking association organized
under the laws of the United States and is the largest subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp. At September
30, 2015, USBNA reported total assets of $411 billion, total deposits of $305 billion and total
shareholders’ equity of $42 billion. The foregoing financial information regarding USBNA has
been derived from and is qualified in its entirety by the unaudited financial information
contained in the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council report Form 031,
Consolidated Report of Condition and Income for a Bank with Domestic and Foreign Offices
(“Call Report”), for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The publicly available portions of
the quarterly Call Reports with respect to USBNA are on file with, and available upon request
from, the FDIC, 550 17th Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20429 or by calling the FDIC at (877)
275-3342. The FDIC also maintains an Internet website at www.fdic.gov that contains reports
and certain other information regarding depository institutions such as USBNA. Reports and
other information about USBNA are available to the public at the offices of the Comptroller of
the Currency at One Financial Place, Suite 2700, 440 South LaSalle Street, Chicago, IL 60605.

        U.S. Bancorp is subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and, in accordance therewith, files reports and other information with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). U.S. Bancorp is not guaranteeing the
obligations of USBNA and is not otherwise liable for the obligations of USBNA.

        Except for the contents of this section, USBNA and U.S. Bancorp assume no
responsibility for the nature, contents, accuracy or completeness of the information set forth in
this Offering Memorandum.

