REOFFERING


                                            REMARKETING CIRCULAR

                                                       Related to

                                                  $30,000,000
                            Mississippi Hospital Equipment and Facilities Authority
                         Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series 2004B2
                                              CUSIP 605360 NQ5


          This Remarketing Circular (the “Remarketing Circular”) relates to the bonds referenced above (the
“Affected Bonds”), and is intended to supplement the Official Statement dated September 17, 2004 (as
supplemented, the “2004 Official Statement”), relating to the Affected Bonds and other bonds comprising a
composite issue of $388,745,000 in original principal amount of bonds issued for the benefit of Baptist Memorial
Health Care Corporation (“BMHCC”) and its affiliates. The Affected Bonds were issued by the Mississippi
Hospital Equipment and Facilities Authority (the “Mississippi Issuer”). This Remarketing Circular has been
prepared for use by BofA Securities, Inc. (the “Remarketing Agent”) for the sole purpose of providing information
relating to the matters set forth herein. All capitalized terms used in this Remarketing Circular and not defined
herein have the meaning specified in the 2004 Official Statement unless the context or use clearly indicates
otherwise. This Remarketing Circular is not intended to be read alone, but rather is intended to be read in
conjunction with the information contained in the 2004 Official Statement, and is not intended to act as a
substitute for or replacement of the information contained in the 2004 Official Statement except as expressly
provided herein.

          The Affected Bonds currently bear interest in a Term Rate Mode for an Interest Period that ends on May
30, 2019. The Affected Bonds are subject to mandatory tender on May 31, 2019 (the “Tender Date”). Following
the Tender Date, the Affected Bonds will remain in the Term Rate Mode. This Remarketing Circular is provided to
furnish information with respect to the Affected Bonds concerning the Term Rate and the Interest Period that will be
in effect following the Tender Date.

          For a description of the Interest Period, Purchase Date, price and initial interest rate for the Affected Bonds,
see the inside cover hereof.

         The Affected Bonds are subject to optional redemption prior to maturity and mandatory tender for purchase
as described herein. The Affected Bonds are subject to mandatory sinking fund redemption and extraordinary
optional redemption as described in the 2004 Official Statement.

         Certain information contained herein has been obtained from BMHCC and other sources that are believed
to be reliable, but it is not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness, and it is not to be construed to be the
representation of the Mississippi Issuer. The Remarketing Agent has reviewed the information in the 2004 Official
Statement and the 2015 Official Statement (defined herein), but does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of
such information.


                                               BofA Merrill Lynch

                                 Date of this Remarketing Circular: May 30, 2019

                                  $30,000,000
            Mississippi Hospital Equipment and Facilities Authority
         Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series 2004B2

     Interest Periods, Purchase or Maturity Dates, Prices and Interest Rates


$30,000,000 Series 2004B2 Bonds maturing September 1, 2022, CUSIP 605360 NQ5

   Term Rate Period begins:                 May 31, 2019
   Last day of Interest Period:             December 1, 2019
   Purchase Date:                           December 2, 2019
   Price of Affected Bonds:                 100%
   Interest Rate:                           1.80%

                                                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                                          Page

DEFINITIONS ...................................................................................................................................................................1

AFFECTED BONDS TO REMAIN IN TERM RATE MODE .....................................................................................................1
  Payment of Principal of and Interest on the Affected Bonds ....................................................................................2
  Determination of Term Rates ...................................................................................................................................2
  Alternate Rate for Interest Calculation .....................................................................................................................3
  Optional Redemption of Affected Bonds in the Term Rate Mode ...........................................................................3
  Mandatory Purchase at End of Interest Period for Term Rate Mode ........................................................................3
  Payment Obligation on Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date .......................................................................3
  Remarketing of Affected Bonds ...............................................................................................................................3
  General Provisions Relating to Tenders ...................................................................................................................3
  Change in Mode from Term Rate Mode ...................................................................................................................4

AMENDMENT OF SYSTEM INDENTURE ............................................................................................................................4

AFFILIATION WITH MISSISSIPPI BAPTIST HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC. ..................................................................................4

BONDHOLDERS’ RISKS ...................................................................................................................................................4
  No Liquidity Facility ................................................................................................................................................5

REMARKETING AGENT ...................................................................................................................................................5

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE..............................................................................................................................................5

RATINGS .........................................................................................................................................................................6

MISCELLANEOUS ............................................................................................................................................................6


APPENDIX A – COPY OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

                                                   DEFINITIONS

       In addition to the terms defined in the 2004 Official Statement, the following defined terms are used in this
Remarketing Circular:

         “Affected Bonds” means the Mississippi Hospital Equipment and Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds
(Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series 2004B2, issued by the Mississippi Issuer and maturing on September 1 in
the year 2022.

         “Alternate Rate” means with respect to Affected Bonds in a Term Rate Mode, an annual rate equal to 75%
of the highest quoted yield on United States Government Obligations – State and Local Government Series, with a
maturity equal to the length of the Interest Period for which the Alternate Rate is calculated, which yield was
published in Form PD4262, Department of Treasury, Bureau of Public Debt, as most recently published prior to the
date such Alternate Rate is determined.

         “Eligible Bond” means any Affected Bond other than Affected Bonds owned by, for the account of, or on
behalf of, the Mississippi Issuer or Baptist Memorial Hospital – DeSoto, Inc.

       “Interest Payment Date” means, with respect to Affected Bonds in a Term Rate Mode, each March 1 and
September 1 prior to the Purchase Date, and the Purchase Date.

          “Interest Payment Period” means the period commencing on the last Interest Payment Date to which
interest has been paid (or, if no interest has been paid in such Mode, from the date of the Mode Change Date) to, but
not including, the Interest Payment Date on which interest is to be paid.

         “Interest Period” means the period of time that an interest rate remains in effect, which period with
respect to Affected Bonds in a Term Rate Mode, initially, shall be from and including the Mode Change Date to, but
not including, the Purchase Date established pursuant to the Indenture and thereafter shall be from and including
such Purchase Date to but not including the next Purchase Date.

         “Mode Change Date” means initially, November 13, 2008 and subsequently, the day following the last
day of a Mode for any Affected Bonds and on which another Mode begins.

        “Purchase Date” means December 2, 2019.

         “Rate Determination Date” means the date on which the interest rate with respect to the Affected Bonds
shall be determined, which, in the case of the Term Rate Mode, shall be a Business Day no earlier than 30 Business
Days and no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the first day of each Interest Period.

        “Remarketing Agent” means BofA Securities, Inc.

        “Tender Agent” means the Bond Trustee.

          “Trustee” means U.S. Bank National Association, successor to Deutsche Bank National Trust Company,
as trustee under the Bond Indenture.



                               AFFECTED BONDS TO REMAIN IN TERM RATE MODE

         The Affected Bonds currently bear interest in a Term Rate Mode for an Interest Period that ends on May
30, 2019. The Affected Bonds are subject to mandatory tender on May 31, 2019 (the “Tender Date”). On the
Tender Date, all Affected Bonds are being remarketed in a Term Rate Mode with the Interest Periods and Purchase
Dates indicated on the inside cover of this Remarketing Circular.


                                                     1

          The Affected Bonds are issuable in fully registered form without coupons in denominations of $100,000 or
any integral multiple thereof of $5,000 in excess thereof (each an “Authorized Denomination”). This Remarketing
Circular only describes the terms and provisions of the Affected Bonds and the documents relating thereto while the
Affected Bonds are in the Term Rate Mode as described herein. If the Affected Bonds are converted to another
Mode, the Obligated Group will provide an additional supplement to the 2004 Official Statement or deliver a new
official statement or other offering document describing the new Mode.

         Other than the Affected Bonds, this Remarketing Circular does not describe or relate to any other bonds
described in the 2004 Official Statement.

Payment of Principal of and Interest on the Affected Bonds

        While the Affected Bonds are in the Term Rate Mode, interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day
year of twelve 30-day months. Interest shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date for the immediately
preceding Interest Payment Period.

          The principal or Redemption Price of the Affected Bonds shall be payable by check in lawful money of the
United States of America upon presentation at the Principal Office of the Bond Trustee to the registered owners of
the Affected Bonds on such date. Interest on the Affected Bonds shall be paid to the Person whose name appears on
the bond registration books of the Bond Trustee as the Holder thereof as of the close of business on the Record Date
for each Interest Payment Date. Payment of the interest on any Affected Bond in a Term Rate Mode shall be made
by check mailed by first class mail to such Holder at its address as it appears on such registration books, or, upon the
written request of any Holder of at least $1,000,000 in aggregate principal of the Affected Bonds, submitted to the
Bond Trustee at least one Business Day prior to the Record Date, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to
an account within the United States of America designated by such Holder. As long as Cede & Co. is the Holder of
the Affected Bonds, said principal or Redemption Price and interest payments shall be made to Cede & Co. by wire
transfer in immediately available funds.

       In no event shall any Affected Bond bear interest at a rate per annum in excess of the lesser of 12% per
annum and the maximum interest rate permitted by law.

Determination of Term Rates

          Method of Determining Term Rate, Interest Period and Purchase Date During Term Rate Mode. The
Term Rate shall be the minimum rate which, in the judgment of the Remarketing Agent, will result in a sale of the
Affected Bonds at a price equal to the Purchase Price on the Rate Determination Date for the Interest Period selected
by the Obligated Group Agent. The Remarketing Agent shall also determine the Purchase Date as the day following
the last day of the Interest Period so selected by the Obligated Group Agent. If a new Interest Period is not selected
by the Obligated Group Agent prior to the Business day next preceding the Purchase Date for the Interest Period
then in effect, the new Interest Period shall be the same length as the current Interest Period.

         Determination Time for Term Rates. Except as provided in the next succeeding paragraph, once Affected
Bonds are changed to the Term Rate Mode, such Affected Bonds shall continue in the Term Rate Mode until
changed to another Mode in accordance with the Indenture. The Term Rate shall be determined by the Remarketing
Agent not later than 4:00 p.m. New York City time on the Rate Determination Date. After 4:00 p.m. New York City
time, the Remarketing Agent shall make the Term Rate available by telephone to any Holder and to the Obligated
Group Agent, the Mississippi Issuer, the Bond Trustee and the Tender Agent.

         Default to Unit Pricing Mode. If, for any reason, a new Term Rate cannot be established on the Purchase
Date, the Affected Bonds will be changed automatically to the Unit Pricing Mode for Interest Period(s) determined
by the Remarketing Agent on such Purchase Date.




                                                      2

Alternate Rate for Interest Calculation

          In the case of Affected Bonds in the Term Rate Mode, if the Remarketing Agent fails or is unable to
determine the interest rate(s) or Interest Periods with respect to any Affected Bonds or the method of determining
the interest rate or Interest Periods with respect to any Affected Bonds shall be held to be unenforceable by a court
of law of competent jurisdiction, such Affected Bonds shall thereupon, until such time as the Remarketing Agent
again makes such determination or until there is delivered an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the method of
determining such rate is enforceable, bear interest from the date on which interest was legally paid at the Alternate
Rate.

Optional Redemption of Affected Bonds in the Term Rate Mode

         Affected Bonds in a Term Rate Mode are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date, at the option of
the Obligated Group Agent, in whole or in part on their Purchase Date at a Redemption Price equal to the principal
amount of Affected Bonds called for redemption, without premium, together with accrued interest, if any, to the
Redemption Date.

Mandatory Purchase at End of Interest Period for Term Rate Mode

          Affected Bonds in the Term Rate Mode are subject to mandatory purchase on the Purchase Date for the
current Interest Period at the Purchase Price. The Tender Agent shall give notice of such mandatory purchase by
mail to the Holders of such Affected Bonds no less than 30 days prior to the Mandatory Purchase Date. The notice
shall state the Mandatory Purchase Date, the Purchase Price and that interest on such Affected Bonds shall cease to
accrue from and after the Mandatory Purchase Date. The failure to mail such notice with respect to any Affected
Bond shall not affect the validity of the mandatory purchase of any other Affected Bond with respect to which notice
was so mailed. Any notice mailed will be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not actually
received by any Holder.

Payment Obligation on Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date

         On each Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date, if a Liquidity Facility is not then in effect with respect
to the Bonds subject to purchase, Baptist Memorial Hospital – DeSoto, Inc. has agreed in the Loan Agreement to
pay to the Tender Agent by 2:00 p.m. New York City time on such date an amount, in immediately available funds,
sufficient, together with the proceeds of the remarketing of Affected Bonds on such date, to enable the Tender Agent
to pay the Purchase Price in connection therewith. No Liquidity Facility is currently in effect with respect to the
Affected Bonds. The Obligated Group is unconditionally obligated to pay the Purchase Price of the Bonds on the
Purchase Date. Failure to pay the purchase price of the Bonds under these circumstances is an event of default
under the Bond Indenture, the Loan Agreement and the System Trust Indenture.

Remarketing of Affected Bonds

         The Remarketing Agent shall use its best efforts to offer for sale and sell all Affected Bonds required to be
purchased pursuant to mandatory purchase provisions of the Bond Indenture. No Liquidity Facility is in effect to
pay the Purchase Price in the event that the proceeds of remarketed Affected Bonds or proceeds obtained from the
Obligated Group are insufficient.

General Provisions Relating to Tenders

        At or before the close of business New York City time on the Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date
and upon receipt by the Tender Agent of the aggregate Purchase Price of the tendered Affected Bonds, the Tender
Agent shall pay the Purchase Price of such Affected Bonds by bank wire transfer in immediately available funds.

          If the funds available for purchases of Eligible Bonds are inadequate for the purchase of all Affected Bonds
tendered on any Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date, no purchase shall be consummated and the Tender
Agent shall, after any applicable grace period, (i) return all tendered Affected Bonds to the Holders thereof and
(ii) return all moneys received from the remarketing of Affected Bonds to the Remarketing Agent for return to the
persons providing such moneys.


                                                     3

       As long as the Affected Bonds are held under the book-entry system of The Depository Trust Company
(“DTC”), all tenders and deliveries of Affected Bonds will be accomplished under the procedures of DTC.

Change in Mode from Term Rate Mode

        As permitted under the Bond Indenture, Baptist Memorial Hospital – DeSoto, Inc. may elect to change the
Mode from the Term Rate Mode to another Mode. Any Mode Change Date from the Term Rate Mode must be the
Purchase Date for the current Interest Period for such Affected Bonds set by the Remarketing Agent. Affected
Bonds are subject to mandatory purchase on the Purchase Date. See “Mandatory Purchase at End of Interest Period
for Term Rate Mode”.


                                      AMENDMENT OF SYSTEM INDENTURE

        As described in the 2004 Official Statement, repayment of the Affected Bonds is secured by an obligation
issued by the Obligated Group pursuant to the System Trust Indenture (the “System Indenture”). BMHCC
determined during the first quarter of 2015 that a number of the provisions of the System Indenture should be
modernized to reflect BMHCC’s view of current market practices. Accordingly, effective March 31, 2015, the
System Indenture was amended to amend certain covenants of the System Indenture and to add additional
covenants.

         The amendments to the System Indenture are summarized in the introduction to APPENDIX D of the
Mississippi Issuer’s Official Statement dated March 5, 2015 (the “2015 Official Statement”) relating to $53,370,000
Mississippi Hospital Equipment and Facilities Authority Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series
2015A. APPENDIX D to the 2015 Official Statement also includes excerpts of the System Indenture that reflect the
amendments. The 2015 Official Statement is available through the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access
System (EMMA) at www.emma.msrb.org.


                        AFFILIATION WITH MISSISSIPPI BAPTIST HEALTH SYSTEMS, INC.

          Effective May 1, 2017, BMHCC became the sole member of Mississippi Baptist Health Systems, Inc.
(“MBHS”) pursuant to the terms of a Shared Mission Agreement between BMHCC and MBHS. In connection with
the affiliation, BMHCC issued obligations under the System Indenture to secure the payment of certain bonds and
bank obligations previously issued by or for the benefit of MBHS in the aggregate approximate principal amount of
$66,065,000. On August 15, 2017, the existing MBHS master indenture was terminated and replaced with the
System Indenture. MBHS, its affiliate Mississippi Baptist Medical Center, and two BMHCC-legacy affiliates
became members of the Obligated Group under the System Indenture, and BMHCC, on behalf of all members of the
Obligated Group, issued obligations under the System Indenture to secure the payment of MBHS’s obligations with
respect to certain bonds issued for the benefit of MBHS in the aggregate principal amount of $114,715,000 and a
swap agreement with Deutsche Bank AG in the notional amount of $80,000,000.

        For additional information regarding the affiliation with MBHS, see the material event notices dated
May 8, 2017 and August 16, 2017 available through the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access System
(EMMA) at www.emma.msrb.org under the following CUSIP numbers: 605360SA5, 605360Q7, 605360QB5,
605360QC3, 605360QD1, 605360QE9, 605360NP7 and 605360NQ5, among others.


                                             BONDHOLDERS’ RISKS

         The information provided in this section updates and supplements the information contained in the 2004
Official Statement. For more information regarding the range of investment risks that prospective purchasers of the
Series 2004 Bonds should evaluate, see “BONDHOLDERS’ RISKS AND MATTERS AFFECTING THE HEALTH CARE
INDUSTRY” in the 2004 Official Statement and “RISK FACTORS” in the 2015 Official Statement. Such risks are not,
and are not intended to be, exhaustive.


                                                    4

No Liquidity Facility

        There is no Liquidity Facility available to purchase tendered Affected Bonds. In the event that at the end of
the Term Rate Period proceeds of remarketing the Affected Bonds, together with funds required to be paid by the
Obligated Group, are inadequate for the purchase of all Affected Bonds tendered, no purchase shall be
consummated. See “AFFECTED BONDS TO REMAIN IN TERM RATE MODE – General Provisions Relating to Tenders”.
In such event, the Affected Bonds will begin to bear interest in the Unit Pricing Mode. See “AFFECTED BONDS TO
REMAIN IN TERM RATE MODE – Determination of Term Rates – Default to Unit Pricing Mode”.

        The failure of Baptist Memorial Hospital – DeSoto, Inc. to pay the Purchase Price of Affected Bonds on the
Purchase Date is a default under the related Loan Agreement. See “AFFECTED BONDS TO REMAIN IN TERM RATE
MODE – Payment Obligation on Purchase Date or Mandatory Purchase Date”.


                                               REMARKETING AGENT

          BofA Securities, Inc., the Remarketing Agent of the Affected Bonds, has entered into a distribution
agreement with its affiliate Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). As part of this
arrangement, BofA Securities, Inc. may distribute securities to MLPF&S, which may in turn distribute such
securities to investors through the financial advisor network of MLPF&S. As part of this arrangement, BofA
Securities, Inc. may compensate MLPF&S as a dealer for their reoffering efforts with respect to the Affected Bonds.


                                             CONTINUING DISCLOSURE

          When the Affected Bonds were remarketed in 2016, the Affected Bonds became subject to the continuing
disclosure requirements of Rule 15c2-12 and BMHCC, on behalf of the Obligated Group, entered into a Continuing
Disclosure Agreement that obligates BMHCC to provide certain information annually and quarterly and to file
notice of the occurrence of certain events. A copy of the Continuing Disclosure Agreement is attached as APPENDIX
A. Although the remarketing of the Affected Bonds in this offering will be exempt from the continuing disclosure
requirements of Rule 15c2-12, BMHCC has confirmed that the Continuing Disclosure Agreement will remain in
effect for the benefit of the holders of the Affected Bonds.

         Failure by BMHCC to comply with the provisions of the Continuing Disclosure Agreement will not
constitute an event of default under the System Indenture or any financing document related to the issuance or
remarketing of the Affected Bonds; however, nothing in the Continuing Disclosure Agreement precludes the holder
of any Affected Bond from seeking a court order requiring BMHCC to comply with its obligations under the
Continuing Disclosure Agreement, and the failure to comply will itself be a reportable event under Rule 15c2-12
and the Continuing Disclosure Agreement.

          In connection with the prior issuance of its obligations, BMHCC has entered into other continuing
disclosure agreements under Rule 15c2-12. During the past five years, BMHCC has failed to file certain
information required to be filed pursuant to those agreements, or has failed to file all of such information on a timely
basis, as follows:

    •    Quarterly financial information was filed 23 and 20 days late for 3Q15 and 4Q14, respectively
    •    Annual information through 2014 failed to include utilization information

The financial statements of BMHCC and certain utilization and summary financial information concerning BMHCC
and its current operations are available through the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access System (EMMA)
at www.emma.msrb.org. No financial or operating data concerning the Mississippi Issuer is material to any decision
to purchase, hold or sell the Affected Bonds, and the Mississippi Issuer will provide no such information.




                                                      5

                                                     RATINGS

         The Affected Bonds have been rated “A-2” by S&P Global Ratings (“S&P). Such rating reflects only the
view of S&P at the time such rating was given, and neither the Mississippi Issuer, the Obligated Group nor the
Remarketing Agent makes any representation as to the appropriateness of such rating. Any explanation of the
significance of the rating may only be obtained from S&P. There is no assurance that such rating will remain for
any given period of time or that it may not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if in the judgment of S&P,
circumstances so warrant. Any such downward change in or withdrawal of such rating may have an adverse effect
on the market price of the Affected Bonds.



                                                 MISCELLANEOUS

         The summaries or descriptions of provisions of the transaction documents related to the Affected Bonds,
and all references to other material not purported to be quoted in full, are only brief outlines of some of the
provisions thereof and do not purport to summarize or describe all of the provisions thereof. Reference is made to
such documents for a full and complete statement of the provisions thereof. Such documents are on file at the
offices of the Remarketing Agent and, following the remarketing of the Affected Bonds, will be on file in the offices
of the Bond Trustee.

         The Obligated Group Agent has reviewed the information contained herein and has approved all such
information for use within this Remarketing Circular.




                                                     6

             APPENDIX A

Copy of Continuing Disclosure Agreement

                                       CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


         THIS CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is entered into by BAPTIST MEMORIAL
HEALTH CARE CORPORATION, a Tennessee nonprofit corporation (“BMHCC”), on behalf of itself and the other
members of the Obligated Group under the System Indenture referred to below (BMHCC and the other members of
the Obligated Group being collectively referred to as the “Obligors” in this Agreement).

         A.       BMHCC and certain of its affiliates have entered into a System Trust Indenture dated September
1, 2004, as amended and supplemented (the “System Indenture”), with U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee.
BMHCC is the “parent” or controlling entity with respect to the Obligated Group and is authorized to enter into this
Agreement on behalf of the Obligated Group. Entities may withdraw from, or be added to, the Obligated Group
from time to time in accordance with the terms of the System Indenture. The current members of the Obligated
Group are identified in the Official Statement described below.

         B.      This Agreement is being delivered in connection with the remarketing by Mississippi Hospital
Equipment and Facilities Authority (the “Issuer”) of its $32,170,000 Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health
Care), Series 2004B2 (the “Bonds”). The Bonds were issued pursuant to a Bond Indenture dated as of September 1,
2004 (the “Bond Indenture”), between the Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee (the
“Bond Trustee”).

       C.       The Bonds were issued to provide financing for the benefit of BMHCC. Pursuant to the Loan
Agreement and the System Indenture, each of the Obligors is liable for payment of the Bonds.

         D.      The Bonds are being remarketed in a private placement pursuant to a Remarketing Circular dated
September 30, 2016 (the “Remarketing Circular”). The Remarketing Circular incorporates by reference the
information contained in APPENDIX A to the Issuer’s Official Statement dated September 15, 2016 (the “2016
Official Statement”) relating to the Issuer’s $212,030,000 Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series
2016A and its $75,000,000 Taxable Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series 2016B.

         In consideration of the purchase of such Bonds by the beneficial owners thereof, the Obligors covenant and
agree as follows:

Section 1. Definitions

        Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned in the Bond
Indenture. In addition, the terms set forth below shall have the meaning assigned unless the context clearly
otherwise requires:

        “BMHCC” means Baptist Memorial Health Care Corporation, a Tennessee nonprofit corporation and a
501(c)(3) organization under the Internal Revenue Code.

       “Bond Indenture” means the Bond Indenture dated as of September 1, 2004 between the Issuer and the
Bond Trustee.

            “Bond Trustee” means U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee under the Bond Indenture.

         “Bonds” means the $32,170,000 Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care) Series 2004B2 issued by
the Issuer.

         “EMMA” means the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access System (EMMA) established pursuant
to the Rule.

          “Issuer” means Mississippi Hospital Equipment and Facilities Authority, a public body corporate and
politic organized under the laws of the State of Mississippi.



1477718.1

            “MSRB” means the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board.

            “Obligors” means BMHCC and the other Obligors described in the opening paragraph of this Agreement.

            “Remarketing Circular” means the Remarketing Circular dated September 30, 2016 with respect to the
Bonds.

       “Rule” means Rule 15c2-12 adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, as the same may be
amended from time to time.

         “2016 Official Statement” means the Official Statement dated September 15, 2016 with respect to the
Issuer’s $212,030,000 Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series 2016A and its $75,000,000 Taxable
Revenue Bonds (Baptist Memorial Health Care), Series 2016B.

Section 2. Purpose and Beneficiaries of this Agreement

        This Agreement is entered into by the Obligors for the benefit of the holders of the Bonds in order to assist
the remarketing agent for the Bonds in complying with the requirements of the Rule.

         The Bonds are limited, nonrecourse obligations of the Issuer. The Issuer is not an “obligor” under the Rule
and has no responsibility for the continuing disclosure obligations contained in this Agreement.

Section 3. Annual Financial Information

         (a)       Within 150 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Obligors shall file with the MSRB
information about operating statistics and financial performance for such fiscal year, and comparative information
for the prior fiscal year, substantially in the form included in APPENDIX A to the 2016 Official Statement in the
following tables:

            Table 1 – The Obligated Group
            Table 3 – BMHCC Hospitals and Service Area
            Table 4 – Market Share by Service Area Regions
            Table 16 – Long-Term Debt Service Coverage Ratio
            Table 17 – Utilization Statistics
            Table 18 – Combined Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets
            Table 19 – Combined Balance Sheets
            Table 20 – Sources of Revenue
            Table 21 – Unrestricted Cash and Investments

         (b)      The Obligors may omit or modify any part of the annual information required by this section if the
operations to which it relates have been discontinued or materially changed. The Obligors will include an
explanation to that effect as part of the annual information for the year in which such event first occurs.

         (c)     If any amendment is made to this Agreement, the annual information for the year in which such
amendment is made shall contain a description of the reasons for such amendment and its impact on the type of
information being provided.

Section 4. Audited Financial Statements

         (a)       Within 30 days after receipt by Obligors, but in no event more than 150 days after the end of each
fiscal year, the Obligors shall file with the MSRB audited financial statements of BMHCC and its affiliates. The
audited financial statements shall be prepared on a basis consistent with the accounting and auditing standards used
to prepare the financial statements attached as APPENDIX B to the 2016 Official Statement, as such standards may be
modified from time to time under generally accepted accounting and auditing standards applicable to the Obligors.




1477718.1                                                2

         (b)      The Obligors operate acute care hospitals and related healthcare facilities that are part of a
healthcare delivery system that is managed and supervised by BMHCC. BMHCC serves as the parent organization
for the Obligors. The annual audited financial statements of BMHCC are prepared on a consolidated basis for
BMHCC and its affiliates, which includes affiliates that are not members of the Obligated Group. The Obligors
intend to comply with their continuing disclosure obligations under this Agreement by providing annual audited
financial information for BMHCC and its affiliates substantially in the form included in APPENDIX B to the 2016
Official Statement.

Section 5. Quarterly Financial Information

          (a)      Within 60 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of the fiscal year, the Obligors shall
file with the MSRB information about operating statistics and financial performance for the period ending on the last
day of such quarter, together with comparative information for the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year,
substantially in the form included in APPENDIX A to the 2016 Official Statement in the following tables:

            Table 17 – Utilization Statistics
            Table 18 – Combined Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets
            Table 19 – Combined Balance Sheets

         (b)      The Obligors may omit or modify any part of the quarterly information required by this section if
the operations to which it relates have been discontinued or materially changed. The Obligors will include an
explanation to that effect as part of the quarterly information for the quarter in which such event first occurs (or, if
such event occurs in the last quarter of the fiscal year, as part of the annual financial information provided by
Section 4).

Section 6. Event Disclosure

        (a)        In a timely manner not in excess of 10 business days after the occurrence of the event, the
Obligors shall file with the MSRB notice of the occurrence of any of the following events affecting the Bonds:

                      (1)      principal and interest payment delinquencies;
                      (2)      non-payment related defaults, if material;
                      (3)      unscheduled draws on debt service reserves reflecting financial difficulties;
                      (4)      unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial difficulties;
                      (5)      substitution of credit or liquidity providers, or their failure to perform;
                      (6)      adverse tax opinions, the issuance by the Internal Revenue Service of proposed or final
            determinations of taxability, Notice of Proposed Issue (IRS Form 5701-TEB), or other material notices or
            determinations with respect to the tax status of the Bonds, or other material events affecting the tax status
            of the Bonds;
                      (7)      modifications to rights of the holders of the Bonds, if material;
                      (8)      Bond calls, if material, and tender offers;
                      (9)      defeasances;
                      (10)     release, substitution or sale of property securing repayment of the Bonds, if material;
                      (11)     rating changes;
                      (12)     bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar events affecting an Obligor;
                      (13)     the consummation of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition involving an Obligor or the
            sale of all or substantially all of the assets of an Obligor, other than in the ordinary course of business, the
            entry into a definitive agreement to undertake such an action or the termination of a definitive agreement
            relating to any such actions, other than pursuant to its terms, if material: and
                      (14)     appointment of a successor or additional trustee or the change of name of a trustee, if
            material.




1477718.1                                                     3

         (b)     In a timely manner the Obligors shall file with the MSRB notice of failure to make a filing, on or
before the date specified in this Agreement, of annual information required by Section 3 or Section 4 of this
Agreement.

Section 7. Consequences of Failure to File

         If the Obligors fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement, the holder of any Bond may seek
mandamus or specific performance by court order, to cause the Obligors to comply with their obligations under this
Agreement. A default under this Agreement shall not be deemed an event of default under the Bond Indenture or
any other financing document related to the issuance of the Bonds, including without limitation the Loan Agreement
and the System Indenture referred to in the Bond Indenture. The sole remedy under this Agreement shall be an
action to compel performance.

Section 8. Amendment

        This Agreement may be amended by the Obligors if the amendment is required by, or consistent with,
changes to, or interpretations of, the Rule made by governmental authority after the Bonds are remarketed.

Section 9. Termination

         (a)      This Agreement shall terminate when (i) all Bonds have been paid or defeased in accordance with
the terms of the Bond Indenture or (ii) the continuing disclosure obligation of the Rule is no longer applicable to the
Bonds.

         (b)       Any Obligor may terminate its obligations under this Agreement if and when such Obligor no
longer remains an obligated person with respect to the Bonds. If an Obligor ceases to be a member of the Obligated
Group, its obligations under this Agreement will terminate.

Section 10. Filing

       (a)     The Obligors shall make the information filings required or permitted by this Agreement with the
MSRB through the MSRB’s Electronic Municipal Market Access System (EMMA).

        (b)      All documents provided to the MSRB pursuant to this Agreement shall be filed in electronic
format as prescribed by the MSRB and shall be accompanied by identifying information as prescribed by the
MSRB.

      (c)    Information about the filing system and requirements of EMMA is available at
www.emma.msrb.org.

Section 11. Additional Information

          The Obligors may, in their sole discretion, file with the MSRB additional notices with information not
required by this Agreement or the Rule. Such additional filings may be discontinued by the Obligors at any time in
their sole discretion.

Section 12. No Indirect Beneficiaries

          This Agreement is for the benefit of the remarketing agent for the Bonds and the holders of the Bonds and
shall not create rights or benefits for any other person or entity.

Section 13. Agent for Filings

         The Obligors may appoint an agent for purposes of making the filings required or permitted by this
Agreement, but no such appointment, or failure of such agent to perform, shall relieve the Obligors of their
responsibilities under this Agreement.




1477718.1                                                 4


